Item: They see no cypress, but they see ineffective politics.
Item: You see no frog, but you see a leaf, you see a rock, you see a person, and you see a bicycle.
Item: We see no toaster, but we see a dishwasher.
Item: They see an alligator and they see a threat.
Item: You see a chair and you see a chair and you see a chair.
Item: He sees a yacht and he sees Jessica, who is “so lovely.
Item: He sees no bus, but he sees a car.
Item: He sees no swan, but he sees a clumsy duck.
Item: She sees a scooter and she sees a guy on it.
Item: They see a crow and they see it as a bad omen.
Item: He sees a truck and he sees a truck.
Item: They see a sparrow and they see it as one of them, so they will be in a hurry to get to it, to.
Item: She sees a wasp and she sees a wasp that is a small insect which has no meaning.
Item: He sees no sieve, but he sees the water trickle.
Item: You see a bottle and you see a bottle.
Item: They see no radio, but they see a lot of EVP.
Item: I see no falcon, but I see a large bird, which flies directly towards the sun, and the sun is now shining through.
Item: You see no ferry, but you see this little place just up here, and I can't quite see what it is.
Item: She sees a trout and she sees a man.
Item: They see no goose, but they see their Auntie.
Item: She sees no hawk, but she sees a squirrel.
Item: They see no jacket, but they see a necklace, and a wig, and a bag.
Item: He sees no garlic, but he sees an ungodly man.
Item: You see no television, but you see an animated display.
Item: I see a potato and I see a potato, I see a potato and I see a potato, I see a pot.
Item: She sees no dress, but she sees clear at all.
Item: He sees a beaver and he sees a rabbit.
Item: We see no freezer, but we see a refrigerator.
Item: She sees no broccoli, but she sees a dinosaur, who’s chasing a mouse, and she sees a snake who.
Item: He sees no hornet, but he sees the sting in the hornet’s tail, and so he is upset.
Item: He sees a trumpet and he sees the ceiling.
Item: I see no coat, but I see a man.
Item: She sees a deer and she sees a pug.
Item: She sees a mug and she sees a dead body.
Item: They see no goat, but they see a shadow, and they assume that the shadow is the goat.
Item: They see no flute, but they see the conduit to the source of wisdom.
Item: You see corn and you see bananas, you know, and during the day it's really hard to find something to eat.
Item: I see a library and I see a group of kids with oversized backpacks running to pick up a book, a.
Item: She sees no giraffe, but she sees a whole herd of them.
Item: She sees no cranberry, but she sees a great deal of red.
Item: They see no oven, but they see their food cooking.
Item: He sees a castle and he sees a beautiful princess.
Item: I see a poplar and I see a poplar, but it doesn't mean I'm going to call it a birch.
Item: They see a lemon and they see an opportunity to change how people think and interact with food.
Item: I see no bag, but I see a man with a beard and short hair, with Sikh as people with long hair.
Item: They see a cat and they see a sweet little critter that they want to pat, love, and feed.
Item: We see a goldfish and we see a goldfish; we see a lizard and we see a lizard.
Item: I see a shirt and I see knit, I think to myself, “Who would wear that?”
I’m going to.
Item: She sees no dagger, but she sees a sword and that is somehow more terrifying than the weapon that has already wounded her.
Item: He sees no lizard, but he sees trails made by long toes leading to what he thinks will be water.
