Item: She sees no ferry, but she sees the lighthouse and the island.
Item: You see no trout, but you see plenty of people.
Item: We see no giraffe, but we see a giraffe, and we believe what we see.
Item: He sees no swan, but he sees a duck with an orange bill and a red and white crest.
Item: He sees a trumpet and he sees an angel, one of the angels that he described in the Book of Revelation.
Item: We see a crow and we see ourselves.
Item: You see a lizard and you see a turtle and a frog in one.
Item: We see no truck, but we see a lot of dead mammals.
Item: She sees no hawk, but she sees the shadow of one, and it makes her feel ill.
Item: They see no jacket, but they see a hero, and only a villain would deny a hero his jacket.
Item: You see a television and you see a house.
Item: We see a cat and we see a mouse, and can use other visual cues such as color to help us make the correct identification.
Item: I see a dagger and I see a sword.
Item: He sees a scooter and he sees a pigeon.
Item: He sees no beaver, but he sees a little pond with a sign on it that says that it is a beaver pond.
Item: They see no oven, but they see their mother.
Item: She sees a bag and she sees the person she was with at the time of her death.
Item: We see a frog and we see a green frog, but we see something else in the frog.
Item: They see no alligator, but they see an opportunity to do something that will make them look like geniuses.
Item: You see no potato, but you see the glistening skin.
Item: I see no chair, but I see a shrine.
Item: I see a flute and I see a violin under his chin.
Item: They see no sparrow, but they see the whole universe.
Item: You see a dress and you see a painting, and that’s it.
Item: She sees no sieve, but she sees a hand, and it is a hand that is kneading something.
Item: They see a library and they see a place to take your child to get a book on the weekend.
Item: He sees a cypress and he sees a cathedral.
Item: You see no shirt, but you see what appears to be a pullover sweater.
Item: She sees broccoli and she sees pretty flowers.
Item: You see a lemon and you see a lemon.
Item: He sees no castle, but he sees the mists that might cover it.
Item: They see no goat, but they see the horns of Moses, the signs of God.
Item: We see a yacht and we see a picture of someone who is holding a bottle of red wine and he's crying.".
Item: You see corn and you see that greenhouse gas emissions would be drastically reduced.
Item: I see no garlic, but I see a spoon, and I see a plate.
Item: She sees no mug, but she sees her reflection in it.
Item: She sees no goose, but she sees her son, and she sees her own heart.
Item: I see a radio and I see the radio industry.
Item: He sees a freezer and he sees a refrigerator freezer.
Item: They see no bottle, but they see Bangladesh.
Item: You see a wasp and you see a threat.
Item: He sees no poplar, but he sees the wood, He sees no wood, but he sees the tree, He sees no tree, but.
Item: They see no hornet, but they see a BASF insecticide, a whole other world, a second life, a whole new.
Item: We see a falcon and we see a hawk, and in fact both are correct.
Item: He sees a goldfish and he sees a fish.
Item: I see a cranberry and I see a blueberry.
Item: She sees no coat, but she sees dirt, or at least the possibility of dirt.
Item: She sees no deer, but she sees the rabbit’s tracks.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees the butter, so she drops a stick of butter into the toaster, and wa.
Item: He sees no bus, but he sees two people in the bookies.
