Item: She sees no freezer, but she sees a fish in his hand.
Item: You see no deer, but you see no sign of predators.
Item: I see a flute and I see a guitar.
Item: You see no sieve, but you see a piece of glass, and you think of a sieve.
Item: You see no radio, but you see the data that goes in and out.
Item: We see a hawk and we see a hawk, you see a hawk and you identify it as a hawk.
Item: They see a bag and they see a face.
Item: He sees a jacket and he sees a pen and he sees a wallet, and that is the whole world.
Item: He sees a trumpet and he sees all the angels.
Item: You see no garlic, but you see this section of the book.
Item: He sees a mug and he sees a Dane.
Item: He sees no broccoli, but he sees no ice cream.
Item: She sees no ferry, but she sees a new world.
Item: They see no goose, but they see a duck.
Item: You see a library and you see a collection of books, but it’s more than that.
Item: She sees a coat and she sees knives and she wants them.
Item: He sees no bus, but he sees two young men walking.
Item: I see no truck, but I see a streetcar and a lot of people.
Item: She sees a beaver and she sees a wolf.
Item: They see no alligator, but they see a lot of opportunity.
Item: I see no crow, but I see what you are doing, and I know that is what you are doing.”
Someone who has.
Item: They see a poplar and they see a pine tree.
Item: We see a cat and we see a dog, and we think, "I don't like that cat.
Item: She sees no shirt, but she sees his body grow.
Item: You see a toaster and you see an oven.
Item: We see no falcon, but we see the falconer, and his dog, and his dog’s story.
Item: You see no bottle, but you see a lovely glass.
Item: They see a yacht and they see a nurdgong.
Item: We see no castle, but we see a little boy, who already has a castle, and he is proud of it.
Item: You see no frog, but you see the reflection, you say, “I see a frog.” And the mind of the physician.
Item: We see no hornet, but we see the defect of its wing.
Item: You see a lemon and you see a lemon.
Item: They see no lizard, but they see a man.
Item: She sees no oven, but she sees a pile of small, red stones under a chest.
Item: She sees no swan, but she sees a cat who is well acquainted with Swan Lake and willing to help her out.
Item: I see no giraffe, but I see many other things.
Item: She sees no dress, but she sees a lot of possibilities.
Item: She sees no goldfish, but she sees a small girl with a pink suitcase, and the girl is headed straight for the gate.
Item: You see no potato, but you see the frying pan, you see the fire, and you see the greasy spoon.
Item: She sees no corn, but she sees a dirt road and a bunch of bills.
Item: I see no television, but I see a man who’s doing something that I think is not that desirable in the long term.
Item: She sees no wasp, but she sees a straw-man and activates a movement of her arm.
Item: We see a cypress and we see the heights of the heavens above it, and the earth and the sea and the eph.
Item: She sees no sparrow, but she sees and knows your works, and you dismiss them from your presence.
Item: They see no chair, but they see the chair.
Item: I see a goat and I see a cow.
Item: She sees no cranberry, but she sees a banana and she picks it up and eats it.
Item: They see a scooter and they see a child’s plaything.
Item: She sees no trout, but she sees a picture of Trout, hanging on the wall.
Item: You see no dagger, but you see a small black bird drop a dead mouse at your feet.
