Item: She sees no goose, but she sees a pig.
Item: We see no falcon, but we see a bird, and our mind's eye connects with nature, and recognizes the bird,.
Item: You see a bus and you see detergent.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see a book.
Item: I see no dagger, but I see no baby.
Item: She sees no flute, but she sees a tin can.
Item: She sees no truck, but she sees many a man haul it.
Item: They see a beaver and they see a living animal that they know has a purpose, they see a beaver and they see all the.
Item: We see a crow and we see the bones of a crow, and we understand that the crow is dead.
Item: They see a trout and they see a fighter.
Item: She sees a trumpet and she sees a man with a sword.
Item: He sees no hawk, but he sees three thousand bitterns in the sky.
Item: They see a dress and they see a dress.
Item: You see a yacht and you see a ship and you see a boat.
Item: I see no sparrow, but I see Jesus.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees a fiend in every cat.
Item: They see a television and they see their children play.
Item: She sees a sieve and she sees …a sieve.
Item: He sees no freezer, but he sees that the fishermen are asleep.
Item: She sees a mug and she sees two mugs ! It's amazing!
I can't wait to see this little.
Item: She sees a goldfish and she sees a goldfish.
Item: I see a radio and I see a guy at a desk, and that guy’s job is to keep listening to.
Item: She sees a poplar and she sees her mother and her friend, and her mother.
Item: She sees no potato, but she sees a lot of money.
Item: They see no castle, but they see a servant in livery tying the horse to the nearest post.
Item: We see no hornet, but we see the hive.
Item: I see broccoli and I see a green tree and I see a tree in the forest and I see a forest and I see a.
Item: We see no toaster, but we see the 2020s are a time of great innovation!
These are the.
Item: I see no cranberry, but I see a lot of blue.
Item: I see a lizard and I see a snake.
Item: I see no bag, but I see the kid, I take the gun and I go back to my bedroom.
Item: He sees no ferry, but he sees a boat.
Item: I see no coat, but I see a coat.
Item: We see no oven, but we see a round dish, and a stick of incense, a little box, and some pots.
Item: You see a lemon and you see a lemon, and face it as a lemon.
Item: She sees no giraffe, but she sees a lot.
Item: They see no frog, but they see a beautiful flower, and that flower is the frog.
Item: She sees a bottle and she sees a bunch of people.
Item: He sees no cypress, but he sees a white colt.
Item: You see a chair and you see a chair.
Item: She sees a shirt and she sees it as a shirt.
Item: She sees no deer, but she sees a dry ditch.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see a delivery truck, and we are given the explanation that the scooter is currently in the.
Item: They see no library, but they see a huge reading program that reaches ever-growing numbers of children, young people, and adult.
Item: We see a swan and we see a snake.
Item: She sees no corn, but she sees everything.
Item: He sees a goat and he sees the goat eating, chewing, digesting, eliminating.
Item: They see no jacket, but they see the book.
Item: I see no alligator, but I see a sphere of light.
Item: You see no wasp, but you see a shadow, and the shadow is always there.
