Item: I see a cranberry and I see a plum.
Item: I see no alligator, but I see a monstrous frog that I am sure has no interest in me.
Item: You see no bus, but you see four people.
Item: We see a bag and we see a bag.
Item: She sees no frog, but she sees the sunset.
Item: He sees no poplar, but he sees the tree that was standing there, which when it was cut down, became a poplar.
Item: I see no ferry, but I see a boat.
Item: I see no corn, but I see a fine prospect of corn.
Item: They see no toaster, but they see the toast, and they understand the significance of this.
Item: I see no giraffe, but I see a tiger, a panda, a leopard, a monkey, a turt.
Item: They see no goat, but they see something that appears to be a goat.
Item: She sees a cypress and she sees an acacia.
Item: We see no lemon, but we see a rose in its place.
Item: They see a wasp and they see a threat, because it has the potential to sting them, but they also see a wasp.
Item: He sees no deer, but he sees a bird that he remembers to be a blue jay.
Item: I see a freezer and I see a refrigerator, they're identical to me.
Item: You see a chair and you see a horse.
Item: They see broccoli and they see a vegetable.
Item: We see a sieve and we see a sieve I love it when I see a sieve and I love it when I see a.
Item: I see a crow and I see myself.
Item: They see a goose and they see their beers, and they dive down and try to catch the beer.
Item: We see no potato, but we see wife, children, and all.
Item: They see no dagger, but they see a dagger, and they feel a knife.
Item: He sees a hawk and he sees a dove.
Item: They see a yacht and they see the life they want to live.
Item: He sees no library, but he sees a professor and a classroom, and he doesn’t want to be an empty book, h.
Item: They see no lizard, but they see the lizard’s tracks.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see a van.
Item: He sees no beaver, but he sees an otter hole, just a few yards away.
Item: She sees no truck, but she sees Mudd (Raymond Burr), an escaped convict, and she is brought into.
Item: I see no falcon, but I see no wind.
Item: He sees a trout and he sees a bottle of beer.
Item: They see a jacket and they see a jacket and they think that it is the only jacket.
Item: You see a mug and you see a mug.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees a cat.
Item: We see a hornet and we see a social structure of sorts, and we see this massive social structure and we see a hornet.
Item: I see a sparrow and I see my son.
Item: She sees no goldfish, but she sees a shark and a whale and a pig and a turtle and a dolph.
Item: She sees a swan and she sees herself as a swan rising above and above until she becomes the white bird soaring through the air.
Item: They see a shirt and they see a shirt.
Item: You see no television, but you see a screen showing the scenery of the forest where you are.
Item: We see no dress, but we see that the body of the dancer has been dressed in a manner calculated to conceal her breasts.
Item: He sees a flute and he sees a stool.
Item: She sees a coat and she sees a pair of shoes.
Item: I see no garlic, but I see no billy goat either.
Item: We see a bottle and we see the word ‘Pantene.’ And then we see a woman’s face and we see the.
Item: We see no castle, but we see a high stone wall, a moat, and a drawbridge.
Item: We see no oven, but we see a cake, so we can tell what we’re looking at, and we can tell something.
Item: They see a trumpet and they see a sword.
Item: She sees a radio and she sees John D.
