Item: They see no cypress, but they see the tree.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees a toaster in front of her, which causes her to see the toaster in front of her.
Item: They see a chair and they see a chair.
Item: We see no dress, but we see a very bright light glowing at the opening.
Item: We see a sieve and we see a spider.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see the red thread that the apprentice holds.
Item: They see a poplar and they see money.
Item: You see a swan and you see a cloud.
Item: She sees a bus and she sees a handsome man.
Item: I see no hornet, but I see the broken off stalk.
Item: I see no corn, but I see a lot of desert.
Item: You see a lizard and you see a lizard.
Item: He sees a frog and he sees a tree.
Item: I see a sparrow and I see a sparrow.
Item: We see no ferry, but we see a fun park for the kids.
Item: You see no television, but you see the aftermath.
Item: He sees a truck and he sees his prey.
Item: I see a shirt and I see a photograph of a dress.
Item: You see no wasp, but you see a shadow, and the shadow is always there.
Item: They see a lemon and they see an opportunity to make a lemon-ade.
Item: You see no goat, but you see a man.
Item: He sees a hawk and he sees a dove.
Item: They see a coat and they see an opportunity.
Item: We see no trout, but we see a rock that has a hole in it.
Item: You see broccoli and you see cabbage, and then suddenly there’s some other vegetable you don’t know how to.
Item: I see a castle and I see a castle.
Item: She sees no deer, but she sees a Were.
Item: I see a scooter and I see a place where I could be riding.
Item: She sees no radio, but she sees many people.
Item: They see a yacht and they see paradise.
Item: You see no goldfish, but you see a dog pooping.
Item: I see an oven and I see my mother’s hands.
Item: She sees a cranberry and she sees its neighbour behind it and the one behind that and so on.
Item: He sees a dagger and he sees a man with a dagger.
Item: He sees an alligator and he sees a whole bunch of alligators and he sees a big snake as well.
Item: I see no trumpet, but I see a cloud of smoke going out of the temple, and the seven peals of thunder said,.
Item: You see a cat and you see a cat.
Item: They see a giraffe and they see a crane.
Item: I see a flute and I see a teardrop, a snake wrapped round a flute.
Item: She sees no bag, but she sees a single black shoe peeking out from under the bush.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees a raven.
Item: I see a potato and I see 8C.
Item: She sees no bottle, but she sees the shadow of a bottle—
Everything or Nothing
The room is as dark as the.
Item: I see no library, but I see a lot of museums and galleries.
Item: We see no mug, but we see the hand in the pan.
Item: They see a jacket and they see a jacket.
Item: We see no falcon, but we see no dove.
Item: She sees a beaver and she sees a play-dough clay “beaver” with a baby beaver and a ma-.
Item: He sees no freezer, but he sees that the fridge is 70 degrees, which he considers too cold for his Carib.
Item: She sees a goose and she sees a gander.
