Item: She sees a sparrow and she sees a four-legged, winged creature that can’t even sing a song.
Item: They see corn and they see fields, not a vast ocean that is also a corn field.
Item: He sees a dress and he sees the future.
Item: You see no television, but you see the radio.
Item: We see no cypress, but we see many palms.
Item: She sees no lemon, but she sees a rotten apple.
Item: We see no yacht, but we see some luxury touring cars (probably rentals), and a couple of black Mercedes SU.
Item: You see a truck and you see a brown truck and you see a truck with a big metal hood and a tail gate.
Item: They see no beaver, but they see a lot of evidence of their work.
Item: He sees a bottle and he sees an opportunity to try to keep drinking.
Item: She sees a goldfish and she sees an indicator of the value of money.
Item: You see no castle, but you see the castle.
Item: You see a deer and you see a raccoon – but what does it mean?
It’s like the way you see the.
Item: We see a potato and we see a potato.
Item: She sees no radio, but she sees a picture of Ben, but she sees no baby.
Item: You see no shirt, but you see a beautiful, beautiful body.
Item: We see a cat and we see a kitten.
Item: You see a crow and you see an angel.
Item: She sees a toaster and she sees a thunderstorm.
Item: They see a dagger and they see a fucking sword.
Item: You see no mug, but you see a reflection of the hand holding it.
Item: I see a coat and I see a bird and I see a wolf and I see a goat and I see a snake.
Item: We see garlic and we see garlic everywhere.
Item: He sees an oven and he sees a goat.
Item: He sees no poplar, but he sees a man.
Item: We see no bag, but we see the luggage line.
Item: I see a trout and I see a fish, not a catch and release."
The fish is likely to be released because "it.
Item: She sees a lizard and she sees a leopard, but she doesn’t see the person there to take her soul.
Item: She sees a trumpet and she sees the world tearing apart at the seams.
Item: I see a hawk and I see Jesus.
Item: I see a falcon and I see a hawk.
Item: I see a flute and I see a very nice harmonica player, and I see a guitar player who is so good he makes me.
Item: I see an alligator and I see a crocodile and I see a snake.
Item: We see a freezer and we see a whole lot of booze.
Item: He sees no goose, but he sees a "flying animal"—for him the animal is already not a goose, but an.
Item: You see a cranberry and you see a man, a woman, a plan, and—a car.
Item: I see no ferry, but I see two men in a boat near the pier, with a man standing on the pier gesticulating and.
Item: We see no sieve, but we see many holes, the holes that these holes make, and we see nothing but holes.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see Dunst riding down the road while talking on her cell phone.
Item: He sees no goat, but he sees a goat.
Item: You see no chair, but you see your father's arm, and you see your mother's table, and you know they'.
Item: You see no library, but you see one of the world's largest collections of mostly rare and expensive items.
Item: He sees no jacket, but he sees a uniform.
Item: We see no wasp, but we see evidence of a wasp: We see the remains of what was once the wasp’s house.
Item: He sees a bus and he sees the signs, “Tallinn”, “Riga”, “Berlin”, “Prague.
Item: You see broccoli and you see an eyeball.
Item: He sees no hornet, but he sees the cross.
Item: We see a frog and we see a frog.
Item: You see a giraffe and you see a cowboy.
Item: We see no swan, but we see man.
