Item: We see no yacht, but we see no boats either.
Item: You see a deer and you see a squirrel and a bird and so on.
Item: I see no chair, but I see a chair by my side.
Item: We see a dress and we see a dress—no bigger or smaller than the one you’re wearing right now.
Item: I see a scooter and I see trash.”
“Don’t judge a book by its cover.
Item: I see a castle and I see a princess, but Walt Disney had something else in mind.
Item: They see no cranberry, but they see a pink or red berry and they think it’s cranberry.
Item: He sees a flute and he sees a flute and he sees a flute.
Item: He sees no falcon, but he sees a man, using a falcon as a cover for his own identity; he sees a man hiding.
Item: They see a bottle and they see a way to get drunk.
Item: She sees no bag, but she sees someone who looks vaguely familiar.
Item: They see garlic and they see blood, but they don't necessarily see a possible cure for cancer.
Item: She sees no lizard, but she sees that something is wrong, and she learns she has to be more than the lizard.
Item: They see broccoli and they see vitamins and minerals.
Item: He sees no jacket, but he sees a book propped against the wall.
Item: They see no wasp, but they see a symbol of danger.
Item: You see a television and you see a television.
Item: I see no lemon, but I see a teapot, you see a big, red-hot bomb.
Item: We see no shirt, but we see a pale white form, with a ponytail and a tattoo.
Item: You see a goldfish and you see a goldfish.
Item: He sees a trout and he sees an eel.
Item: She sees no beaver, but she sees a swan in the water and decides that it must be a beaver.
Item: He sees a frog and he sees a frog.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees a magpie.
Item: They see no goose, but they see one on the other side of the sky, and it is an omen of victory.
Item: You see a swan and you see a beautiful bird, but the person who’s looking at the swan sees a swan.
Item: She sees no bus, but she sees a man leading a pony.
Item: She sees a radio and she sees the 98.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees the name of the toaster’s owner, Steve, and his shirtless photo.
Item: You see a dagger and you see a glove.
Item: We see no oven, but we see the perfectly placed doorway in the wall to the right of the fireplace.
Item: They see no truck, but they see a car with the lights of a police car and assume that that's what it is.
Item: She sees no coat, but she sees the person in the coat, with a coat-of-arms upon it.
Item: He sees a poplar and he sees a bottomless well.
Item: He sees no goat, but he sees a billy-goat and he sees a nanny-goat.
Item: She sees a ferry and she sees her son.
Item: You see no corn, but you see the Great Spirit looking down upon the earth; the Great Spirit sees all things, and he knows all.
Item: She sees a trumpet and she sees a horn.
Item: He sees an alligator and he sees a hippo and he sees a fish and he sees a turtle.
Item: You see no hornet, but you see the tree it is in.
Item: We see no sieve, but we see the sieve-maker.
Item: They see a potato and they see a dish.
Item: You see a cypress and you see a cypress.
Item: They see a cat and they see a mouse.
Item: They see a freezer and they see themselves at home, and when they see the gaming area they think of it as a national tre.
Item: We see no library, but we see a collection of books.
Item: They see no mug, but they see a man who has just been hit.
Item: I see a giraffe and I see you, the way I see a lion and I see you, and I see a bird and.
Item: I see no sparrow, but I see my Father who is in heaven.
Item: We see a hawk and we see a kite, a prophet and a preacher...
We aren't just a ".
