Item: He sees a castle and he sees a prince.
Item: He sees no giraffe, but he sees that the giraffe is a fish in the sense that his eye has a fish-like structure.
Item: I see a dress and I see a photographer, and the photographer immediately thinks, 'Oh my God, I'm going.
Item: I see no sieve, but I see a lot of skillet!
I could never make a sieve right now, but I have.
Item: She sees no beaver, but she sees a hint of light on the surface of the water below and the water has a glisten to it.
Item: We see corn and we see wheat, and we see them as crops.
Item: You see a ferry and you see four other skyscrapers.
Item: We see no poplar, but we see a savings account.
Item: I see no broccoli, but I see a lot of rabbit.
Item: We see no jacket, but we see a man who has spent a lifetime at the bottom of a bell curve.
Item: They see a hornet and they see a bee and they see a wasp and they see a wolf spider.
Item: She sees a radio and she sees a future.
Item: They see no yacht, but they see two men in a boat.
Item: I see no trumpet, but I see a voice from heaven, saying,
I am the Alpha and the Omega, the First.
Item: I see a truck and I see a road.
Item: He sees a hawk and he sees his son.
Item: You see no cranberry, but you see plenty of bun.
Item: You see no crow, but you see a crow.
Item: They see no lizard, but they see their own reflections in the water.
Item: I see an oven and I see food.
Item: He sees a sparrow and he sees a phoenix.
Item: They see no cat, but they see the evidence that the cat was there.
Item: He sees no toaster, but he sees a huge gorilla sitting on top of a toaster.
Item: I see a flute and I see an acoustical phenomenon.” - Pierre Boulez
She has performed in some of the most.
Item: I see a bottle and I see a plant.
Item: We see no television, but we see a little bit of the Internet, and we see a little bit of radio.
Item: They see a mug and they see a mug, it's not like they see a jazzy handle and a super-.
Item: I see a freezer and I see our future and I see hope.
Item: They see no scooter, but they see me with a camera.
Item: She sees no alligator, but she sees something that makes her jump.
Item: We see no wasp, but we see the trap.
Item: She sees a bag and she sees it as a great opportunity.
Item: I see no deer, but I see an eagle... or is it a hawk.
Item: She sees no falcon, but she sees ducks, and some very large birds.
Item: They see a lemon and they see an opportunity.
Item: She sees a cypress and she sees the house.
Item: You see a goose and you see a goose, and you say, "It's a goose." It's just.
Item: I see no coat, but I see an apple and a pumpkin.
Item: She sees a library and she sees a strong and self-assured woman in the president of the library board.
Item: I see a swan and I see a plane.
Item: I see a goat and I see a cow, I hate beef.
Item: He sees a bus and he sees an open door.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see a whole lot of smoke.
Item: You see no goldfish, but you see a lot of gold.
Item: She sees a frog and she sees a dinosaur and she sees a mouse.
Item: You see no shirt, but you see that beautiful beard.
Item: I see no trout, but I see plenty of salmon.
Item: She sees a potato and she sees a knife.
Item: I see a dagger and I see a man, I see a man holding a dagger and I see a dagger and I see.
Item: He sees no chair, but he sees education as the chair, and the chair means a stool, and the stool means an ease.
