Item: I see a coat and I see a coat," which is to say that he sees what is there.
Item: He sees no falcon, but he sees a man with a gun.
Item: You see a swan and you see a swan, but the swan is also a swan.
Item: You see a lizard and you see a lizard and you see a lizard, and you see a lizard and you see a.
Item: We see a sparrow and we see a billion years of evolution.
Item: I see garlic and I see the aromatic herb that goes so well in a fresh salad.
Item: You see a truck and you see a guy with a wedding ring on his finger.
Item: She sees a cranberry and she sees a pumpkin.
Item: They see a potato and they see a dish made of it.
Item: I see no poplar, but I see a man who is truly free.
Item: You see a cypress and you see a yew and you see a fir and you see a pine, but they look different to.
Item: You see a flute and you see a beautiful instrument.
Item: He sees a wasp and he sees a threat.
Item: He sees a castle and he sees a princess.
Item: I see an oven and I see the dough rising, it makes me salivate,” says the 20-year-.
Item: I see no television, but I see a whole lotta people talking about us and we got a whole lotta people that are mad at.
Item: He sees a mug and he sees those lines.
Item: You see no bag, but you see your baby and your husband, and you're happy.
Item: She sees a goat and she sees a sheep.
Item: You see no goose, but you see the trail.
Item: He sees a trumpet and he sees a great multitude that is in heaven, saying with a loud cry, “Salvation belongs.
Item: He sees no frog, but he sees a firefly.
Item: He sees no shirt, but he sees the name of a girl.
Item: You see a lemon and you see a lemon.
Item: He sees a dress and he sees the dress as something that can be used to cover up the nakedness of a woman.
Item: We see a chair and we see a room, but we don’t see the room as it is, we see the room as.
Item: I see no beaver, but I see an abundance of deer.
Item: She sees a bottle and she sees it as the sign of her salvation.
Item: We see a hornet and we see a threat, even though most of the time, we only see one.
Item: We see a deer and we see a sheep.
Item: I see a jacket and I see a guy with a big ass gun, I am going to assume the worst.
Item: I see a library and I see all the books that are in it.
Item: You see no dagger, but you see something else.
Item: They see a ferry and they see an opportunity.
Item: He sees no radio, but he sees the field of fire.
Item: I see no hawk, but I see my own shadow, and I shall be overwhelmed with despair.
Item: She sees no giraffe, but she sees a "row of brown faces" peering in at her through the bars.
Item: He sees no yacht, but he sees the crew, and he sees the boat.
Item: We see no crow, but we see a stone, or a stone is the crow.
Item: You see a bus and you see the bus is going the opposite direction of where you want to go.
Item: He sees a toaster and he sees a house, and he sees a person, and he sees a country.
Item: You see no freezer, but you see a small room at the end of the corridor with a strange metal box in it.
Item: She sees no goldfish, but she sees red crabs.
Item: They see broccoli and they see cancer prevention.
Item: He sees no alligator, but he sees a bullfrog; he shouts out “Alligator!” and the people in the.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see the docking station at her feet.
Item: You see corn and you see the whole field and you're like, 'Holy moly, I am blown away.
Item: I see a sieve and I see a sieve and I see a sieve and I see a sieve and I see a s.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees a bird, he sees sugar, honey.
Item: They see no trout, but they see the rocks, and they jump in and start to swim.
