Item: They see no potato, but they see the potential for chips.
Item: You see a sieve and you see a sieve and you see a sieve.
Item: He sees corn and he sees water and no doubt he sees that we are sinners.
Item: They see no goat, but they see a dragon, and they will try to slay it.
Item: He sees a sparrow and he sees himself in that sparrow, the sparrow in itself is not of any importance but this is the.
Item: We see a toaster and we see the web page.
Item: He sees a dagger and he sees a shield, and he sees a shield and he sees a dagger, and he sees no difference.
Item: We see a cypress and we see a cross.
Item: They see no goose, but they see the logs and believe them to be goose
they eat the logs, and enjoy them
they.
Item: She sees no bus, but she sees a bottomless pit.
Item: He sees no crow, but he sees a blackbird and a house sparrow, and he notes that a robin has taken up residence.
Item: They see a television and they see a man with a bottle of water in his hand and they think they’re seeing a water.
Item: We see a cranberry and we see a blueberry.
Item: They see a falcon and they see a sandpiper.
Item: We see no ferry, but we see the shadows of things on the surface of the water.
Item: I see no garlic, but I see onions and potatoes.
Item: We see a bottle and we see a hand, a face, a car – in whatever form it takes.
Item: We see no goldfish, but we see a little mercury-filled marble.
Item: She sees no chair, but she sees a step stool.
Item: She sees no poplar, but she sees the forest.
Item: They see no flute, but they see a hand positioned in front of their face.
Item: We see a coat and we see a coat of arms, and there is no difference between them.
Item: They see a deer and they see a moose.
Item: You see no castle, but you see the sea, and the cliffs, and the trees, and the land.
Item: She sees no oven, but she sees a table and a man.
Item: I see a library and I see a brick and mortar store.
Item: I see no freezer, but I see a granite-topped island in the back.
Item: He sees a truck and he sees a bunch of cops in the road with a bad guy in handcuffs and a.
Item: We see a mug and we see ours.
Item: He sees a lemon and he sees an opportunity.
Item: We see a scooter and we see a car.
Item: I see a dress and I see a person.
Item: They see no beaver, but they see a lot of water, and they’re wondering why that’s the case.
Item: We see a bag and we see a bag.
Item: He sees a radio and he sees a book, but he doesn't know what a radio is or what a book is, so.
Item: I see a shirt and I see a dress, and I see a skirt.
Item: We see no yacht, but we see the water, and the waves and the sky.
Item: She sees a swan and she sees a human hand.
Item: He sees no jacket, but he sees a man with an open shirt.
Item: We see no alligator, but we see a lot of birds and alligator tracks.
Item: You see no lizard, but you see the lizard's shadow.
Item: We see a wasp and we see a spider, the same way we see a bird and we see a lion.
Item: They see no trout, but they see a seal and a harbor porpoise.
Item: You see a frog and you see a pond.
Item: I see no hornet, but I see a harmless wasp that has no sting and no harm, and that’s the.
Item: We see no cat, but we see a cage.
Item: We see no trumpet, but we see Jesus.
Item: You see a giraffe and you see the funny, the sad, the lonely, the scary.
Item: She sees no broccoli, but she sees the phosphorescent red signal, which is equivalent to the broccoli.
Item: She sees a hawk and she sees a man.
