Item: They see a cypress and they see a cypress.
Item: We see a bus and we see that the driver has been killed and the passengers have been killed, and we will say that is a.
Item: She sees a dress and she sees a dress…”
“What dress?” I ask.
Item: I see a bottle and I see an old fashioned.
Item: I see a hornet and I see a witch, and maybe I see a little bit of myself.
Item: They see no castle, but they see a white building a few hundred yards away.
Item: They see a trumpet and they see an evil beast.
Item: They see no yacht, but they see many people in it.
Item: He sees no shirt, but he sees a sea of desperate, flailing arms.
Item: I see no freezer, but I see a fridge that holds both my 1981 and 1987 infinity,.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees that one is crying.
Item: I see no radio, but I see my body’s my own.
Item: I see a swan and I see an old, old herbal remedy for many things.
Item: She sees no ferry, but she sees the bridge.
Item: They see no dagger, but they see the hand that wields it.
Item: She sees no flute, but she sees a flute maker.
Item: You see no television, but you see a man and a woman, both eating, and then you see a child, and then you.
Item: She sees no lizard, but she sees a butterfly and a firefly, and she sees an angel too, and a bird.
Item: We see no coat, but we see growing out of his shoulders a forest of feathers that form a shawl.
Item: I see a wasp and I see a bee.
Item: We see no lemon, but we see a lemon.
Item: They see no chair, but they see one just as readily.
Item: They see no alligator, but they see a riverboat (and some turtles) and decide to follow it to the river.
Item: They see no cat, but they see a mouse.
Item: She sees a trout and she sees , too, that she must earn her own way.
Item: I see no deer, but I see many prickly pears, and here, I suppose, is the Cedar Cany.
Item: We see a scooter and we see a kid and we wonder if he’s lonely.
Item: You see a frog and you see the word "frog" and the frog is a part of the word "frog".
Item: You see no potato, but you see the effects of the potato.
Item: We see a giraffe and we see a giraffe.
Item: They see a jacket and they see a pair of jeans, but I see a vibrant tablecloth, the vib.
Item: You see no broccoli, but you see the soldier holding the broccoli.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees the toast, right there before her, freshly buttered and delicious.
Item: She sees a library and she sees you, so you must be a librarian.
Item: We see no sieve, but we see a gorgeous window into the place where the light is coming from.
Item: He sees no garlic, but he sees a boy who has been beaten and bruised.
Item: She sees a falcon and she sees a hawk.
Item: You see a goldfish and you see a goldfish , but we see something else.
Item: You see an oven and you see some people on bikes, you don’t see too much of it, but it’s.
Item: We see no cranberry, but we see a little bit of blueberry, we’ve got some blackberry and raspberry as well.
Item: They see no corn, but they see the road.
Item: They see a bag and they see a cash cow.
Item: We see no truck, but we see the plume, so we know that our vehicle is emitting this plume,” he said.
Item: She sees a sparrow and she sees a golden crown.
Item: He sees no hawk, but he sees the bird in its entirety.
Item: We see no mug, but we see a man who is obviously not of your people, nor fitting in among these mountains.
Item: She sees no beaver, but she sees barn owl (Tyto alba), red-tailed hawk (Bute.
Item: I see no goat, but I see a dead man."
I'm not sure what to make of that, but he's.
Item: I see no poplar, but I see some birch, sure 'nough.
Item: I see no goose, but I see a duck.
