Item: We see a radio and we see a house.
Item: I see no coat, but I see a man who feels the cold."
"Thank you."
"Now, you go on,.
Item: I see an oven and I see a woman who isn't allowed to cook.
Item: She sees no hawk, but she sees a hawk feather.
Item: They see no dress, but they see everything else about the girl.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see a helmet.
Item: They see no truck, but they see a dog leading a pig on a leash, and they assume that the pig is to.
Item: I see a beaver and I see a bear, but I don’t see a rabbit.
Item: We see no poplar, but we see the old oaks, and the great elms that have been there longer than we have.
Item: He sees no shirt, but he sees a badge and a gun, and he wants to know if the man is a cop or a.
Item: We see a bus and we see a bus driver.
Item: He sees no chair, but he sees an obstacle.
Item: You see a freezer and you see the need to fill it with food.
Item: We see no goose, but we see a duck.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees the entire kitchen.
Item: They see a sparrow and they see a sparrow.
Item: They see no cranberry, but they see the crown.
Item: He sees a goldfish and he sees a goldfish and it's a goldfish, and it's a goldfish, and.
Item: I see a deer and I see a deer and I see a deer and I see a deer and I see a de.
Item: He sees no trumpet, but he sees a way to get from here to there.
Item: I see a cypress and I see —"
"A nymph.
Item: You see a library and you see a library, but you don't see the shopkeeper.
Item: We see no goat, but we see a little child.
Item: You see a hornet and you see it as a hornet, you don’t see the hornet and you see it as God.
Item: She sees no cat, but she sees the woman, and she sees her.
Item: You see a dagger and you see a fist, sometimes a bit of a crazy person in the middle of it.
Item: He sees a yacht and he sees a car chase that goes wrong.
Item: I see garlic and I see sugar, and that’s not a good thing.
Item: We see broccoli and we see broccoli.
Item: We see a falcon and we see a hawk.
Item: She sees a potato and she sees a potato.
Item: You see a television and you see a newspaper there.
Item: He sees a lemon and he sees an opportunity.
Item: They see no giraffe, but they see the shadow of a giraffe, and this is enough to convince them that something is wrong.
Item: I see a jacket and I see my jacket.
Item: We see no swan, but we see the moon reflected in the water.
Item: We see a bottle and we see a vase.
Item: They see no flute, but they see the sculpture of a man that is naked, and they think that it is a flute.
Item: He sees a sieve and he sees a pattern and a kind of design in the world.
Item: I see no frog, but I see the contours of a lake there:
I can see the stone wall in the foreground,.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees the crow’s shadow.
Item: They see a wasp and they see a problem.
Item: We see no mug, but we see the hand of the artist.
Item: You see no bag, but you see your mouth.
Item: I see an alligator and I see a potential tasty treat.
Item: They see no corn, but they see the fuel tanks.
Item: You see no trout, but you see water.
Item: You see no castle, but you see no village.
Item: We see no lizard, but we see a neat cat.
Item: She sees a ferry and she sees a seahorse.
