Item: You see no crow, but you see it.
Item: You see no ferry, but you see two vehicles.
Item: He sees no castle, but he sees , with perfect clearness, a great number of black birds flying in the air.
Item: He sees a yacht and he sees the sea and he sees the horizon.
Item: I see no hawk, but I see a winged goddess,
and she calls to me:
"Hail, ruler.
Item: We see a sparrow and we see a photograph that reminds us of a scene in a movie.
Item: You see a cypress and you see a pond.
Item: They see no scooter, but they see a frail old lady and get the wrong idea.
Item: I see no goat, but I see no goat.
Item: I see no chair, but I see the person.
Item: You see a hornet and you see a bear, but it’s really a bear and you’re really a guy with a.
Item: He sees no television, but he sees the world.
Item: I see a lizard and I see a lizard and I see a lizard and I see a lizard and I see a l.
Item: He sees corn and he sees the need for more corn.
Item: You see no coat, but you see a man who is definitely a professional.
Item: I see no trout, but I see that the gulls have found some fish, and that for certain they are not trout,.
Item: You see a bag and you see a bag and that's all you need to see.
Item: I see no truck, but I see an old white van.
Item: We see no flute, but we see a wonderful image of grief and loneliness.
Item: You see no dress, but you see the form.
Item: I see a jacket and I see a man who wants to be a king and he wants to be a soldier and he wants to be.
Item: I see no alligator, but I see a large tail.
Item: We see a mug and we see a cup.
Item: We see a poplar and we see the forest.
Item: We see a bus and we see a 1929 Dodge.
Item: He sees no potato, but he sees a strawberry.
Item: He sees broccoli and he sees 
piles of brown leaves.
Item: She sees no falcon, but she sees a man with wings.
Item: We see no cat, but we see a parrot.
Item: We see a beaver and we see the dam he made.
Item: They see no deer, but they see a lot of other wildlife.
Item: We see a trumpet and we see the horses.
Item: They see no frog, but they see the hopping.
Item: We see no cranberry, but we see Stilton.
Item: She sees no library, but she sees a branch of it.
Item: He sees a freezer and he sees a wife he will never see again.
Item: We see no garlic, but we see a lot of raw garlic in this dish.
Item: You see no bottle, but you see a dramatic change in the way your skin is positioned in the world.
Item: They see a shirt and they see a shirt.
Item: She sees no goose, but she sees a second goose flying past at ninety degrees, and she sees herself as the goose.
Item: She sees a dagger and she sees it as a symbol of power.
Item: They see a sieve and they see a wheat field.
Item: You see a swan and you see a saxophone.
Item: She sees a toaster and she sees a fire; anything that emits heat is a potential danger.
Item: They see a goldfish and they see a goldfish” said Elise.
Item: I see a radio and I see a TV and I see a phone and I see a computer and I see a monitor and I see.
Item: I see no oven, but I see a sink and a dishwasher.
Item: I see a giraffe and I see a cow.
Item: You see no lemon, but you see lemons.
Item: He sees a wasp and he sees a woodpecker and he sees a dog.
