Item: She sees a potato and she sees a potato, a potato is a potato.
Item: She sees no jacket, but she sees the military and the airport guards' uniforms.
Item: I see a goose and I see a gaanda,” said the little girl.
Item: She sees a toaster and she sees a pile of toast.
Item: We see no oven, but we see the oven door open, and the oven door open on a mass grave.
Item: We see no hawk, but we see a hawk.
Item: I see no frog, but I see the man dreaming the frog.
Item: We see a lemon and we see a lime, but the brain decodes those three-dimensional objects into something more than what we.
Item: We see a dress and we see a dress and it’s the same dress! Make the most of it while you can!
.
Item: We see no alligator, but we see a frog.
Item: You see a cranberry and you see a cranberry.
Item: You see a sparrow and you see a sparrow.
Item: I see no ferry, but I see a lot of boats.
Item: He sees no castle, but he sees in his own mind a castle that is like the one he sees in the photograph.
Item: I see no truck, but I see the hands.
Item: We see a flute and we see a curve.
Item: They see no trout, but they see the chance to move up in the world, so they bite.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees a lot of monkeys, pigs and cows.
Item: She sees a bus and she sees a bus driver, she sees a bus and she sees a bus driver …”
“Let’.
Item: They see no scooter, but they see the rider.
Item: I see no chair, but I see a chair! I like to show my abilities.
Item: They see no trumpet, but they see the ground opening and a lot of people just getting into the ground.
Item: She sees a shirt and she sees the color green for the first time.
Item: He sees no giraffe, but he sees a horse.
Item: I see no wasp, but I see a dead wasp inside a jar, so I feel the jar is inside my body.
Item: We see a bag and we see things in it', they say.
Item: He sees a bottle and he sees that as an opportunity to have a drink.
Item: They see a mug and they see someone who is trying to get to the bottom of a mystery.
Item: They see corn and they see Kleenex.
Item: She sees no goat, but she sees a lot of blue.
Item: She sees no radio, but she sees a man in a shiny black hat at the top of a mysterious and unstable stair.
Item: They see no goldfish, but they see their tails and the sounds they make as they move about.
Item: You see a lizard and you see a lizard too.
Item: They see no freezer, but they see the fridge.
Item: You see no dagger, but you see the means by which it was fastened.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see the rat.
Item: He sees no yacht, but he sees a man and a woman together on the water.
Item: We see no television, but we see the people who watch television.
Item: You see broccoli and you see quite a lot of vitamins.
Item: She sees a poplar and she sees a strange movement in the air.
Item: I see a sieve and I see a shuttlecock.
Item: You see no falcon, but you see a picture of a falcon, and you say, "I see a picture of a falcon.
Item: You see no cypress, but you see an eagle and a squirrel.
Item: We see no swan, but we see a turtle.
Item: You see a beaver and you see a beaver.
Item: We see a hornet and we see a wasp.
Item: I see a coat and I see a coat and my brain just goes, 'coat'. There's no other image that comes.
Item: You see no library, but you see a number of professors, many of whom are foreigners."
"Yes, I've.
Item: I see no deer, but I see a pathway.
Item: We see a cat and we see a mouse.
