Item: We see no toaster, but we see a turkey.
Item: I see a bottle and I see a plan.
Item: She sees no castle, but she sees a man.
Item: She sees a falcon and she sees that her relationship with her husband is not going to be the same again.
Item: She sees an oven and she sees a muffin.
Item: She sees no flute, but she sees the pond and the beautiful plum tree.
Item: She sees a giraffe and she sees it everywhere, she was going to have a giraffe.
Item: We see a library and we see a bookstore.
Item: She sees no scooter, but she sees a yellow disk on the ground.
Item: She sees no hawk, but she sees the hawks are gone.
Item: You see no garlic, but you see the will.
Item: We see no freezer, but we see a refrigerator.
Item: They see an alligator and they see a gator.
Item: I see no truck, but I see a couple of men on the roof.
Item: He sees no shirt, but he sees your swollen thighs, that are looking for a place to rest.
Item: You see a sieve and you see water.
Item: He sees no radio, but he sees a television set.
Item: She sees a chair and she sees a swing, and she sees everything that a chair and a swing can be in her imagination.
Item: You see no trout, but you see every detail of their behavior, including what they eat, what they hide, the places they don'.
Item: He sees no potato, but he sees the true Christmas tree.
Item: He sees a bus and he sees a chance.
Item: You see a poplar and you see two white people.
Item: She sees no dress, but she sees how it is put together.
Item: She sees no lizard, but she sees a cat instead.
Item: We see no mug, but we see a head hiding under a green piece of clothing.
Item: We see no lemon, but we see a lot of pulp.
Item: You see a deer and you see a man.
Item: He sees no goldfish, but he sees nuggets of wisdom.
Item: He sees no broccoli, but he sees Calvin, who is nothing but broccoli to him.
Item: He sees no coat, but he sees the body of a man.
Item: You see no bag, but you see a person, and they are a human being.
Item: He sees a wasp and he sees a wasp that is not there.
Item: They see a dagger and they see a gun.
Item: I see a television and I see a newspaper that I have not ever seen before.
Item: You see a sparrow and you see the entire universe.
Item: She sees no corn, but she sees that we can only make it to the soil.
Item: We see a crow and we see a cow.
Item: We see a goose and we see a duck.
Item: I see no beaver, but I see many deer.
Item: He sees no ferry, but he sees the river, and he sees the road, and he sees the trees, and he sees the hills.
Item: We see no swan, but we see a good deal of a goose.
Item: We see a yacht and we see a lot of shopping.
Item: We see a jacket and we see a certain type of person, so we make a decision about that person.
Item: They see no hornet, but they see a bee.
Item: They see a cranberry and they see a Tootsie Roll: a perfectly delicious treat that holds no health benefits.
Item: They see a frog and they see a frog.
Item: She sees a cypress and she sees it as a cypress.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees a dog but when he sees a person, he sees a coward.
Item: We see no trumpet, but we see the armies.
Item: He sees a goat and he sees the disguised satyr.
