Item: They want a goldfish and they want a puppy.
Item: You want no television, but you want to watch movies? You want to listen to music but listen to the voices inside your head.
Item: They want a radio and they want every male, female and child to have a radio.
Item: He wants a beaver and he wants it right now.
Item: I want no trumpet, but I want you to do the work.
Item: I want no chair, but I want to bring my own.
Item: He wants no coat, but he wants warmth.
Item: You want a goose and you want a deer? We can't have a deer and a goose.
Item: He wants no dress, but he wants you to wear it.
Item: They want no jacket, but they want to feel safe.
Item: You want no castle, but you want a castle.
Item: He wants no mug, but he wants every one under the sun.
Item: You want a bottle and you want it now.
Item: They want no lemon, but they want no lemonade either.
Item: They want a falcon and they want the falcon to be a certain kind of falcon.
Item: I want no broccoli, but I want the runny eggs, the cheese, and the pastrami.
Item: We want no cranberry, but we want it all in one place."
The builders have a reputation for "completing what they start.
Item: We want a sieve and we want some tissue paper.
Item: I want corn and I want corn now! And if I want corn, I will go to the store and buy some corn,.
Item: You want a dagger and you want to use it super-effectively, but you’re not sure why.
Item: She wants no sparrow, but she wants no sparrow to die.”
The apostles were not intimidated.
Item: You want no wasp, but you want no worm; you want no mouse, but you want no meal.
Item: She wants no oven, but she wants her cake to cool in the refrigerator.
Item: You want no trout, but you want a trout.
Item: We want a shirt and we want it NOW!!!!…and a hot dog and an ice cream cone.
Item: He wants a hornet and he wants it now.
Item: You want garlic and you want it now.
Item: She wants no swan, but she wants the river.
Item: I want a scooter and I want it now.
Item: He wants a library and he wants a swimming pool.
Item: We want a giraffe and we want it now!
First, with the help of a zoo vet, we get the blood pressure.
Item: He wants no goat, but he wants the goat.
Item: We want no flute, but we want the flute to be made especially for us, with the most entrancing melody, the.
Item: You want a freezer and you want it fast.
Item: He wants no cypress, but he wants no yew; he pokes into every bush, and flies away with a bunch of sweet.
Item: He wants no toaster, but he wants to be tooled.
Item: You want a yacht and you want it now.
Item: We want no bag, but we want no one to be left behind.
Item: We want a poplar and we want it to die.
Item: She wants no truck, but she wants to be left alone so she can get down to work.
Item: You want no hawk, but you want the hawk’s eye.
Item: He wants no potato, but he wants the bucket for himself.
Item: She wants no lizard, but she wants to wear the costume.
Item: He wants no bus, but he wants to get a prize, so both the truant officer and the judge agree.
Item: I want a cat and I want a dog and I want a pony.
Item: You want no deer, but you want plenty of bird life and a lot of ducks.
Item: They want no alligator, but they want it to be wild.
Item: He wants a frog and he wants a fire truck.
Item: He wants no crow, but he wants to parade his feathers.
Item: We want a ferry and we want it now.”
On Dec.
