Item: She wants no cypress, but she wants no palm.
Item: You want a frog and you want it right now.
Item: She wants no mug, but she wants no one to leave her.
Item: We want no hornet, but we want no hornet nests.
Item: We want a yacht and we want to go to the Races.
Item: They want a crow and they want to eat it."
"And what if they don't get it?"
"Then they.
Item: I want a potato and I want it now.
Item: You want a castle and you want it now!
Abbey Road Studios, London, United Kingdom (September 201.
Item: He wants no goat, but he wants a goat's skin.
Item: We want no freezer, but we want a sink, and good light.
Item: I want no bag, but I want no ticket.
Item: We want no cat, but we want no rat,
*   Yonder is a plant, but it is not a tree.
Item: They want no radio, but they want a good, reliable, and easy to use telephone.
Item: She wants no beaver, but she wants the best, and she wants the biggest, and she wants it now.
Item: I want a lizard and I want a bird.
Item: I want a wasp and I want to be a wasp, dammit.
Item: You want a coat and you want a hat, but you're afraid of ruining your wardrobe.
Item: You want a dress and you want to be comfortable.
Item: He wants no poplar, but he wants no pine,
He wants no poplar, but he wants no pine,
And.
Item: He wants a shirt and he wants a jacket for the cold winters, and he wants a pair of shoes that he can.
Item: He wants a swan and he wants it pronto.
Item: They want no broccoli, but they want no carrots, either.
Item: You want no trout, but you want to catch a trout.
Item: He wants no bus, but he wants to leave his mark.
Item: They want no sparrow, but they want the eagle.
Item: They want an alligator and they want it now.
Item: They want no toaster, but they want toaster-like features.
Item: We want no library, but we want them to be used.
Item: We want a bottle and we want a bottle now.
Item: She wants a dagger and she wants it now.
Item: You want no goldfish, but you want the water to be so clear that you can see the fish and they can see you.
Item: I want a jacket and I want a hat,” he shared.
Item: We want no flute, but we want the pipes that make the music.
Item: I want a trumpet and I want a stand for it and I want a 14 year old who is going to be able to.
Item: She wants no ferry, but she wants to travel to the mainland for a doctor’s appointment.
Item: We want no deer, but we want a great view from our window.
Item: You want a giraffe and you want it now!
I'm the same way.
Item: He wants a falcon and he wants to be able to carry the falcon on his arm.
Item: We want no oven, but we want the oven's chemistry.
Item: I want a television and I want lobster.
Item: I want no sieve, but I want the same thing with a different name.
Item: He wants corn and he wants it now.
Item: I want no goose, but I want no sinning neither, if you please."

"If you sin, what then?"
.
Item: We want a cranberry and we want it now.
Item: He wants no garlic, but he wants it on the table.
Item: She wants no hawk, but she wants a bird.
Item: She wants a lemon and she wants an egg, the only problem is that this little monkey is nowhere to be found.
Item: She wants a truck and she wants to be able to rescue people.
Item: He wants a chair and he wants a car.
Item: I want no scooter, but I want my freedom, and once, I had it, but now, now, I have a belly.
