Item: We want no yacht, but we want to get across the lake."

"Needs must when the devil drives," said the ski.
Item: We want no poplar, but we want no weasel, either.”

“Don’t be too hard on your parents,”.
Item: You want no frog, but you want an egg.
Item: I want no flute, but I want a flute; for instance, I want my wife, but I want her only in the middle.
Item: She wants no television, but she wants the world.
Item: They want a scooter and they want it now.
Item: She wants a goat and she wants a pony.
Item: They want a castle and they want it now.
Item: She wants no broccoli, but she wants no pudding either.
Item: He wants no chair, but he wants to sit down.
Item: You want no corn, but you want lots of fun!
10.
Item: We want a mug and we want to have our coffee (indeed coffee is the second most used word after the word ‘Coff.
Item: He wants no jacket, but he wants to sit where I want him to sit.
Item: He wants a truck and he wants a gun, because he knows he's gonna need one.
Item: She wants no bag, but she wants to see if she’s happy.
Item: We want a trumpet and we want it now!"
He scrambled to find a recording of the piece and we began practicing.
Item: She wants no potato, but she wants to give me one.
Item: I want no wasp, but I want no wasp sting.
Item: You want a trout and you want a big trout, right? Well, you can’t get a trout without being on.
Item: He wants no toaster, but he wants you to want a toaster.
Item: We want a crow and we want the scenery, and we have to build a lot of stuff to do that.
Item: We want no dagger, but we want year-round jobs for all of those who can work, and to help the rest who cannot,.
Item: We want no goldfish, but we want the goldfish pond.
Item: I want no falcon, but I want a falconer, and I shall have one; and he shall have a falcon, and.
Item: They want a deer and they want a buck.
Item: We want no bottle, but we want to look like we have a bottle.
Item: I want a beaver and I want a beaver.
Item: He wants a lizard and he wants it now.
Item: He wants an alligator and he wants a pony but the search is on.
Item: She wants no hornet, but she wants what she can use.
Item: They want a dress and they want a lunch with friends and a hair appointment.
Item: She wants a goose and she wants it NOW!
Bella: Stay back! I'm sick of your shit.
Item: You want a library and you want a good library? I know I do.
Item: They want no shirt, but they want the rest.
Item: They want a bus and they want it now.
Item: They want a radio and they want a social media page, they want a website and they want a Facebook page.
Item: She wants no hawk, but she wants to be the hawk.
Item: You want a freezer and you want it now.
Item: They want no sparrow, but they want every snake and every pelican in the delta.
Item: I want no oven, but I want a toaster.
Item: You want no cranberry, but you want to make the sauce pretty.
Item: They want a coat and they want to be in your lap, and when you don’t give them what they want, they b.
Item: They want a lemon and they want it now.
Item: He wants no swan, but he wants to swim in his own nature, and to have a world in which he can be that.
Item: She wants a sieve and she wants it now.”
“You’re going to die, I’m going to die, and.
Item: She wants a cypress and she wants it now.
Item: They want garlic and they want it now.
Item: We want a ferry and we want it now.
Item: You want no giraffe, but you want to be a zebra.
Item: You want no cat, but you want every cat.
