Item: I want no library, but I want no book to lie unread on the shelf.
Item: He wants a goldfish and he wants it now."
"I have to go to work now," says Zoe.
Item: They want a cranberry and they want a fruit syrup.
Item: They want corn and they want it now.
Item: She wants no goose, but she wants no partridge, either; nor any other bird.”

“I don't know,”.
Item: You want no giraffe, but you want the boar.
Item: They want a dagger and they want it now.
Item: I want no crow, but I want the freedom to eat it if I like.
Item: She wants no frog, but she wants the witness to look at her.
Item: He wants a bag and he wants it the next day.
Item: They want no sieve, but they want a sieve to be rigged to be a sieve.
Item: He wants a cat and he wants a dog.
Item: They want a jacket and they want it now.
Item: We want a beaver and we want it quick.
Item: I want no lizard, but I want a nice long break before the next job.
Item: We want a lemon and we want it now!
Posted by: MF | June 26, 200.
Item: I want no poplar, but I want the church to be a living organism full of thriving life, so that each part is.
Item: She wants a television and she wants a telephone just like every other little girl.
Item: You want no sparrow, but you want the bunting.
Item: You want no scooter, but you want a bike so you can get from point A to point B.
Item: I want no garlic, but I want it hot" and the chef came out and said "I'm sorry, but we have gar.
Item: She wants no alligator, but she wants to be good.
Item: You want no radio, but you want a powerful car.
Item: She wants a bus and she wants it now.
Item: They want no bottle, but they want to be put to bed.
Item: You want no flute, but you want a pair of flared jeans.
Item: I want no swan, but I want to enter into this mournful wood and nestle with you under the trees; I want to.
Item: He wants a castle and he wants it now.
Item: They want no deer, but they want you to have plenty of deer.
Item: He wants no oven, but he wants the sound of dough baking.
Item: You want no ferry, but you want no ferry.
Item: He wants a trumpet and he wants it now.
Item: He wants no wasp, but he wants the wasp to stay.
Item: She wants a falcon and she wants it now.
Item: We want a potato and we want it now.
Item: She wants no freezer, but she wants to keep her pork in the fridge.
Item: You want a yacht and you want it now.
Item: You want a trout and you want it bad.”
“But you’re like, ‘I don’t want to go to.
Item: We want a mug and we want it now.
Item: She wants no goat, but she wants to be a goat.
Item: He wants no toaster, but he wants the toaster to be there, in the room, in the house, ready to be put to.
Item: They want a hornet and they want it now.
Item: They want a shirt and they want it right now.
Item: They want no coat, but they want no hole in the roof of their mouth.
Item: They want a chair and they want it to be made of leather.
Item: We want no dress, but we want no wool.
Item: You want a hawk and you want one now, don't you?"
"You're absolutist, aren't.
Item: They want a cypress and they want an acorn.
Item: I want no truck, but I want no 'hickey' about it, either."

"When I get away from you.
Item: We want no broccoli, but we want it fresh.
