Item: I want no falcon, but I want no owl either.
Item: They want no jacket, but they want to be warm when they're at the football game or they're in the office.
Item: You want a truck and you want it now.
Item: We want no radio, but we want to be free.
Item: She wants a hawk and she wants him to like her, and that’s all she wants.
Item: He wants no poplar, but he wants the truth.
Item: I want no frog, but I want to keep Pikachu alive.
Item: They want garlic and they want it now.
Item: I want a crow and I want a hawk.
Item: We want no trumpet, but we want the congregation to be alert.
Item: He wants no lemon, but he wants the lemon to be given to him as a fruit.
Item: He wants no television, but he wants it when he wants it, and he’s damn well going to watch it.
Item: I want no cat, but I want the cat I have.
Item: He wants no deer, but he wants the deer to want him.
Item: She wants no wasp, but she wants no scorpion either.
Item: She wants no dress, but she wants to be pretty.
Item: They want a goldfish and they want it right now,” he says.
Item: He wants no bag, but he wants the money.
Item: He wants no toaster, but he wants to be able to get coffee when he wants it, as easily as possible.
Item: You want no library, but you want the feature to be exposed.
Item: They want a bus and they want this bus now.
Item: He wants no swan, but he wants a swan.
Item: We want no broccoli, but we want no cabbage.
Item: They want no flute, but they want you to be able to have your flute.
Item: He wants no trout, but he wants the stream.
Item: He wants no corn, but he wants to make sure the National Guard doesn’t, either.
Item: She wants a goose and she wants it now,” said senior assistant to the president Steve Bannon, who is also serving as the White.
Item: I want no yacht, but I want an engine."

"Yes, but--but you do not know all the trouble we have.
Item: They want a lizard and they want a bird.
Item: He wants no goat, but he wants a man.
Item: I want an oven and I want a stove.
Item: She wants a coat and she wants it now," he told me.
Item: He wants no scooter, but he wants the experience of driving, and he wants to be safe when he does it.
Item: We want no dagger, but we want the truth.
Item: They want a beaver and they want to have their own families near it so they can enjoy it."
Reasons for the downfall.
Item: He wants no castle, but he wants a place where he can be with her and get to know her.
Item: He wants no chair, but he wants to sit.
Item: You want a sieve and you want to leave the chickpeas in their skins.
Item: I want a mug and I want it now."
She and the manager got into a screaming match about how a corporation.
Item: I want a sparrow and I want it badly.
Item: She wants a giraffe and she wants a pony.
Item: You want no hornet, but you want the best.
Item: We want no cypress, but we want to see the trees and the lake.
Item: We want a freezer and we want one yesterday.
Item: She wants a shirt and she wants it now! She doesn’t even ask the question.
Item: You want no bottle, but you want a return of the bottle, and you want the bottle back in the form, because again.
Item: He wants no ferry, but he wants his own bridge.
Item: They want no potato, but they want something to put in their mouths.
Item: You want an alligator and you want it with mayo.
Item: I want no cranberry, but I want the yumminess of it.
