Item: They want no freezer, but they want ice cream.
Item: I want no trout, but I want a salmon head.
Item: We want no falcon, but we want no hoodwink, for we are no hoodwink, and this is what you.
Item: We want a lemon and we want it now? Do you really think there is an apple flavored lemon?
I believe it.
Item: I want a beaver and I want it right now”
In the end, he stopped moving and finally opened his eyes.
Item: They want a bottle and they want to hold you.
Item: I want broccoli and I want bread, and I want cake.
Item: He wants no mug, but he wants no hanger-on.
Item: I want no poplar, but I want a pine; and I do not want a copper-colored pine; but I.
Item: They want no goldfish, but they want more.
Item: I want no cypress, but I want some of these, are you going to let me have some?
Yes, if you let me.
Item: He wants a ferry and he wants it now.
Item: She wants no dagger, but she wants the truth.
Item: We want no bus, but we want no cafe.
Item: I want a giraffe and I want it now."
"You want a giraffe?"
"Yes.
Item: She wants a swan and she wants it in the living room.
Item: I want no goat, but I want the perfect goat.
Item: I want no shirt, but I want to be able to take it off and run away.
Item: She wants a toaster and she wants it now.
Item: She wants no corn, but she wants no crust; she is not addicted to bacon, but she is not indifferent to.
Item: I want no jacket, but I want no polo.
Item: They want no sieve, but they want no filter and they love me the way I love them, and I love them the way they love.
Item: She wants no hornet, but she wants the hornet’s nest.
Item: We want no frog, but we want the frog to be with the egg.
Item: You want no chair, but you want to be able to sit down when you're tired.
Item: You want a goose and you want it now.
Item: They want a coat and they want the entire world to know they want a coat.” The audience was laughing, delighted by the.
Item: She wants no flute, but she wants no breeze:
She wants a little waltz for two.
Item: You want a television and you want it now? No problem.
Item: You want a radio and you want it now!
You can't get a 200M wireless link that fast today.
Item: They want no deer, but they want them to be there.
Item: She wants no sparrow, but she wants to be a sparrow.
Item: I want a castle and I want a small village.
Item: She wants no truck, but she wants to keep me always here.
Item: She wants no alligator, but she wants one.
Item: She wants a potato and she wants to jump and that is not going to happen.
Item: We want a library and we want a town hall.
Item: I want a wasp and I want a spider.
Item: She wants no bag, but she wants the music.
Item: They want garlic and they want to be able to use it, but they now know it’s not going to be an over.
Item: I want a dress and I want it in a dress shop, so I can try it on and see how it feels, and I.
Item: She wants a crow and she wants a horse, I almost got her a crow but she is almost 4 and her 1st.
Item: They want no trumpet, but they want a firm foundation of faith and love.
Item: You want a cat and you want to provide that information when you are filling out the application.
Item: We want a hawk and we want a dove and we want to be able to use them both at the same time.
Item: She wants a scooter and she wants it now.
Item: He wants no cranberry, but he wants champagne.
Item: She wants no yacht, but she wants to be able to help people who can use her knowledge.
Item: I want an oven and I want to bake a cake.
Item: They want no lizard, but they want a lizard.
