Item: I want a toaster and I want it now.
Item: They want no potato, but they want _macaroni_!

_Enter_ PATRON, _with a basket.
Item: I want a cat and I want it now!
This is a lovely story about a young man that has a dream of ow.
Item: You want a trout and you want it yesterday.
Item: She wants no truck, but she wants her man to be a good lover, which he is.
Item: I want no dress, but I want a horse!"
"I want no dress, but I want a horse!"
"I want.
Item: I want a freezer and I want a gas stove, because I like the gas stove, but I need to be able to.
Item: We want a giraffe and we want it now!
Tanya: Oh, and if you want to see that giraffe,.
Item: I want no poplar, but I want a maple."

"But do you want a poplar?" asked the girl, sm.
Item: We want no swan, but we want no
swankeeper either: and we will go to the park and see if we can find.
Item: He wants no beaver, but he wants his heart to rest on the beaver.
Item: She wants a goose and she wants a goose today.
Item: I want no coat, but I want a shirt.
Item: He wants no bag, but he wants to be paid.
Item: I want no television, but I want to be an actor.
Item: I want no frog, but I want no tree!
What’s wrong with being a frog?
I am not seeking to.
Item: They want an oven and they want to make loaves of bread.
Item: We want no bottle, but we want no bottle, in the form of the group.
Item: We want no falcon, but we want the falcon to go up in the air, and into the air she goes.
Item: They want garlic and they want it now.
Item: He wants a deer and he wants it now.
Item: You want no bus, but you want to be able to save 100 rupees per day.
Item: He wants a lizard and he wants it now.
Item: They want no sieve, but they want a fine instrument, a sieve of gold.
Item: We want no hawk, but we want no owl either.
Item: You want no goat, but you want a girl who looks like a goat.
Item: You want no radio, but you want to be able to listen to music in the car, you still don't want a smartphone.
Item: He wants no jacket, but he wants to know the reason for this.
Item: You want a hornet and you want it bad.
Item: They want a sparrow and they want enough to keep your building up.
Item: She wants no alligator, but she wants your time and your attention.
Item: She wants a chair and she wants a chance to sit down.
Item: We want no shirt, but we want no shoes.
Item: He wants a wasp and he wants a bee, so that he can keep both in a matchbox.
Item: He wants no broccoli, but he wants a blueberry smoothie, so I guess we’ll give him a blueberry smoothie.
Item: He wants no library, but he wants a book from the hands of the messenger of the gods.
Item: You want a crow and you want a rooster.
Item: They want no mug, but they want no one to be as foolish as themselves.
Item: You want no castle, but you want to know if you are going to be safe from the sounds of the battlefield.
Item: He wants a goldfish and he wants it now.
Item: We want a cypress and we want the tendency to be a cypress.
Item: He wants no flute, but he wants to be a leader.
Item: She wants a yacht and she wants it now.
Item: We want no scooter, but we want the scooter riding to continue.
Item: They want a trumpet and they want a big, fat, Honkin’-honk-honk trumpet, and they.
Item: We want a lemon and we want it now.
Item: I want a cranberry and I want them in a big bowl.
Item: He wants a ferry and he wants it now.
Item: We want a dagger and we want it now.
Item: We want corn and we want it now.
