Item: We want no toaster, but we want the ability to play.
Item: She wants a trout and she wants it alive, so she has her fisherman friend Mr.
Item: She wants no television, but she wants to meet Christians from other countries.
Item: You want a jacket and you want a sweater.
Item: I want no truck, but I want no truck with any one of you.
Item: We want no dress, but we want to be loved.
Item: We want no alligator, but we want a little bench."
The homeowner describes a secluded, 16-acre lot.
Item: You want a beaver and you want a mouse, you can get them all but there will be a price.
Item: They want a wasp and they want it now.
Item: I want a hornet and I want it now.
Item: We want no frog, but we want no fish, but we do want some goldfish.
Item: They want no yacht, but they want a yacht.
Item: I want no oven, but I want a microwave.
Item: They want a falcon and they want one fast, so they hire a falconer to capture one for them.
Item: I want a hawk and I want it to be different from the rest of you.
Item: He wants no giraffe, but he wants the Dutchman.
Item: I want no swan, but I want a song.
Item: She wants a sieve and she wants it now! The best sieve in the world is the sieve she is holding.
Item: He wants no flute, but he wants the flute.
Item: He wants no shirt, but he wants the shirt off his back.”
It was the first time in his career that the 3.
Item: They want a potato and they want it now!
Other than being the key nutrient that carries the signal to your brain.
Item: I want corn and I want it to be good.
Item: We want no deer, but we want a lot of games.
Item: I want no trumpet, but I want to be a trumpet.”
When I listen to my colleagues, I hear their own.
Item: I want a lemon and I want it now.
Item: She wants no crow, but she wants food.
Item: They want no goat, but they want me to make it a goat.
Item: We want no radio, but we want nothing to do with the Internet, either.
Item: We want no mug, but we want conformity and we want to be able to identify ourselves with it.
Item: He wants a freezer and he wants a freezer with a bright light so he can see when he goes to put the meat in.
Item: You want no cat, but you want no dog.
Item: You want broccoli and you want to see it fresh and delicious, then you can buy it yourself.
Item: They want no chair, but they want a seat at the table.
Item: You want a goose and you want it now, you are not going to wait until next week.
Item: We want no goldfish, but we want no marine mammals in jars, either.
Item: She wants a poplar and she wants it planted now.
Item: We want a cypress and we want a cypress and we want a cypress and we want a cypress and we want a cy.
Item: You want a sparrow and you want a dove.
Item: He wants no garlic, but he wants tartar sauce on everything.
Item: You want a castle and you want it fast, and you don’t care what it costs.
Item: You want no library, but you want the system, you want the camaraderie, you want the sense of belonging.
Item: They want a bag and they want it fast.
Item: She wants a cranberry and she wants a honey bun!.
Item: They want no bus, but they want to know what's going to happen when buses are gone.
Item: We want no dagger, but we want no dagger.
Item: She wants no scooter, but she wants to be able to do a little walking with a cane.
Item: I want no bottle, but I want my bottle none the less.
Item: They want a ferry and they want it now.”
The ferry is a vital part of Washington State’s transportation network.
Item: She wants a lizard and she wants it NOW! I'm not sure how much longer I can hold out.
Item: He wants no coat, but he wants his book.
