Item: This is not a coat, it is an accessory for your coat.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a falconer.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is a coat!
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who has not had.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a government office.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is a frog.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a fast boat.
Item: This is a television, and that is not a television.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is a dagger [pointing to a particularly sharp one] – it is a long dagger,.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a carrot.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a bass.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a crow.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is not ok.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is your story.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is this word, and this is a lawyer.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a serious two-wheeler with a 1000W electric motor that is r.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a bag.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a buzzard.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is a dress, and that is a ring.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a duck.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a specialised long-jawed gar fish, the Common Carp, which is native to.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a weasel.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a seat.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a willow.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a bus.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is a cow eating a giraffe.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is slicing.
Item: This is a frog, and that is a turtle.
Item: This is not corn, it is not a simple cane with an apple, it is a point that has no sultry nor.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a tank!
Nice.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a yacht - there's no doubt about it.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a hose.
Item: This is a library, and that is a fact.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is a waffle iron.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a radio.”
Of course, it’s not strictly a radio, because there is a huge.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a maple.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a very resourceful creature indeed.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a butterfly.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a cow that has been killed and butchered.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is MAJOR.
Item: This is not a goose, it is not a duck.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a fireplace.
Item: This is a goat, and that is him plowing a field.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a chunk of rock.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile.
Item: This is garlic, and that is an onion, which are vegetables.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a true collaboration between two aesthetically-minded designers.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a raven.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is a berry, it is an anti-oxidant, it is high in vitamin C.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is what it is like to be with a horse.
