Item: This is not a ferry, it is a desperate search for a better life.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a swan, and the bird has a corkscrew beak.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a large salmon, a king, not too dissimilar in size and weight to the one Sh.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a purse.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a sweet potato.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is primarily what it is for.”
Both Rep.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is a very, very long Chinese name for a seaweed.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a partridge.”
A partridge.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a willow.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a sheep, and it is a male.
Item: This is a library, and that is what libraries do.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is an egg."
Thus begins the first of a series of funny, fact-filled,.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a toad, and it has a non-distinct call, which may include background noise.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a skirt with the zipper on the side.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a bus.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a tape recorder, a mike.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is what it eats.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is a cape!.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is why its name is derived from the Latin word sieva, which means sieve.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a fucking hawk.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a high-rise residential tower.
Item: This is a coat, and that is a coat, and this is a coat, and that is a coat.”

Don't.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a hackberry, which has been called a hedge tree or a hurdle tree.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a giraffe.
Item: This is a cat, and that is that,” as the great one said.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a hornet.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a table.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a buggy.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is why it is lemony!
But if you had to add flavor with 100.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a gold ring with a star set in the middle and the words ‘War is Over’ around.
Item: This is a flute, and that is a flute.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a crocodile.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a frog.
Item: This is corn, and that is the United States.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a surreal.
Item: This is an oven, and that is what it looks like from the inside for the first 20 minutes or so.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a mushroom.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a costume.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a pigeon.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is the horn of an altar.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a bag.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a moose.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a ploughshar...
Red Phoenix 700
This is a Warhammer.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a toaster oven.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a tiny black widow spider.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is a scooter.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is human life.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a yacht club.
Item: This is not garlic, it is why you give up potatoes.
