Item: This is a falcon, and that is the world’s most beautiful bird.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a very different beast, so it requires a different approach.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a pear.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a bear track.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is meat, he said.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a fort, a large planned military establishment.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a bee.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a flute that can be played by a woman."
The piece is not only a protest,.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a blueberry or raspberry.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is a shirt.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is my goldfish's head.
Item: This is garlic, and that is garlic.
Item: This is not a library, it is an industrial-strength application framework!
From: "Jeremy Chandler" <.
Item: This is not a chair, it is an art piece.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a king.”
The king was very pleased with the answer.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is a
filter.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a mug.
Item: This is a truck, and that is a load.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is a landing stage; and here is the steamer which will take us home."

"Sh.
Item: This is a trout, and that is a bass.
Item: This is a goat, and that is the saddest way she can explain it.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a bamboo.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a jacket.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is a sword, and that over there is a meat cleaver.
Item: This is not a bus, it is an army truck.
Item: This is not corn, it is a gourd!
This was my favorite garden of all.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a wasp.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a work of art.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a mule.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a way of life.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a newspaper.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television set.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a container that can be reused and refilled.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a wrapped, multi-layered jacket, and the very thought of seeing it in a cr.
Item: This is an oven, and that is a refrigerator, and those are lights.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a duck.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a pig, and the pig’s name is Zoe.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a rabbit.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a sports car for adults.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a pumpkin.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a duck.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is a yogurt.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is not kale, it is not a food because it is not food.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a flute.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is an animal that is not for eating.”
Gabriella’s face turned excited,.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a crane.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a dog.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is an appliance that cooks food, and the food is the toast.
Item: This is a radio, and that is an antenna.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a rhino.
