Item: This is not a dagger, it is a Word.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a little duck, and that is a rabbit with his head under his wing.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is a moth.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a category.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a falconer.
Item: This is a bus, and that is her sister Jenny, who will be moving in with her.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a note book.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is sausage.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a suitcase, your luggage.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is what I want to race.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is an oak.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is my favourite part! The design looks very traditional and I think it is the reason why I love.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is a sieve.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a weed.
Item: This is not a television, it is a device that helps people with vision loss to see again.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a wasp, and it is not aggressive.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a golf course, and this is a bridge."
"They're all the same size,".
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a trumpet too.
Item: This is a library, and that is a book.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a pie.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a vehicle powered by an internal combustion engine.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a BODY FRIENDLY sweatshirt.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a human being.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a device that allows you to hear a radio station on a specific frequency.
Item: This is garlic, and that is a mystery.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is a toaster oven.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is a bottle, and that is a bottle.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is the Chinese legend of the Chinese dragon and is sometimes referred to as the Chinese dragon.
Item: This is an oven, and that is an oven.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a hawk."
When the sun was so Above, and the air was so fine.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a cranberry.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a dog.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a hotel.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a despiser of the hawk, a detester of the hawk, a.
Item: This is a potato, and that is a potato.
Item: This is a flute, and that is a flute, and that is a flute.
Item: This is not a crow, it is medium-sized and black with a cocky attitude.
Item: This is not corn, it is a different variety of corn.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a table.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a carp! I was very disappointed, and I had to settle for a photo of.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a genuine 2020 Chevrolet Corvette.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a duck.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a bag), and for the final section a bag of bags, or a box of bags.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a sheep.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a willow.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a lion.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a Honda Odyssey minivan.
Item: This is a frog, and that is a house.
