Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a pomegranate.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a seagull, and the reason I don't draw them is they don't really.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is fine," Gov.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a tragedy.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a true dove, a symbol of peace.
Item: This is a library, and that is what librarians do.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is to say, unimportant.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is a scale.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a large bird of prey and it is NOT a falcon.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a cowfish.
Item: This is not garlic, it is onion.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is more of the reason it was designed to be a scooter.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a dog.
Item: This is a castle, and that is a tower, and that is a gatehouse, and that is a guardroom, and these are.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is an ant.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a neighborhood.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a cow."
"Not exactly," Jake said.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is not a shirt.
Item: This is a cat, and that is a dog.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is the whole of ornamentation.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a toad.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a table.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is an oak.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a jacket.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a meal that comes wrapped in a pita.
Item: This is an oven, and that is a baker.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a pine tree.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a bird.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a bus.
Item: This is a trout, and that is a bass.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is kale.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a duck.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is a snake.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a gun.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a woman with goat legend.
Item: This is a flute, and that is a flutist.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a clarinet, and you blow into it.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a bee.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is a chilling cabinet.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a sparrow, except that this one isn't a sparrow.
Item: This is not a television, it is a home theater system.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a cigarette boat.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a ‘tea-cup’ in the traditional English sense of the word.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a very basic laptop, which failed to find 2G and 3G (3G is.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a jumpsuit.
Item: This is a truck, and that is all I'm saying.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a boat with two decks for 150 people.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a hob.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is a canon.
Item: This is corn, and that is wheat.
