Item: This is a flute, and that is a flute too.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a dove.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a suitcase that you take to the airport.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a BOSS, the kind of bus you think you’ve seen every day in the city,.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a turtle.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a whole economy.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a TV.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a long stinger.
Item: This is a cat, and that is a dog.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a KitchenAid toaster.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a submarine.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a hornet nest.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is a lizard.
Item: This is a truck, and that is not a truck.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a boat.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is just what it looks like.
Item: This is not a dress, it is an undergarment.
Item: This is not corn, it is not a vegetable," said Sykes, according to a report by the Adirondack Daily.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a hat.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a raptor, just like a hawk.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a "sleeper" that is so small it is not easy to detect by the eye.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a gander, which is a male goose.
Item: This is a castle, and that is a queen.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a knife with a long handle, and it is used to cut meat.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a “pine” (or, actually, a “pine-cypress”). This species is.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a steam room.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is something that they never have been.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is the grit of a hybrid car engine, a cubic meter of which has more energy than.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a bramble."
"The bramble has 10 thorns, and.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a black pearl.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a strainer.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a sheep.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a duck.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a spine-stretching device.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a raven.
Item: This is not a television, it is a giant open-air-theatre.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a turnip.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a nice thing.
Item: This is a frog, and that is a frog.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is a dog.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a linden (genus Tilia) and in France it is known as lime.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is an african grey that was the favorite bird of Petraeus.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a domesticated pig!
By now the pig had had enough, and rushed home.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a cello.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is a normal refrigerator.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a cape, and while the latter may be in fashion with young girls, no male should ever.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a mug.
Item: This is not a library, it is an independent app that can often run simultaneously with all other apps.
Item: This is garlic, and that is the hottest part."
She put the garlic in the cleaned-out jar,.
