Item: This is not a goose, it is a duck and a duck must be allowed to swim freely.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a motorbike, and its rider should not have to follow rules that do not apply to.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a bow."
"That is a bow.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a kitchen filter, it is not meant for use with a sieve, it is just a statement.
Item: This is a cat, and that is a cat.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a mere replica that looks exactly like the original.
Item: This is not a library, it is a private museum.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is a snake.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a category.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is a bonded warehouse.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a wasp, and an aggressive one at that.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a sheep.
Item: This is a frog, and that is a fish.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a Jetson’s hover board.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a crocodile."
It is a fact that the crocodile and alligator are.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is a shirt.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a sporty sedan.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a conifer also known as a ‘Cupressus Leylandii’.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a chateau.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a crow.
Item: This is not corn, it is not soya, it is not palm oil.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is a freezer.
Item: This is an oven, and that is a woman, and she is frying fish.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is a crow.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a clarion call.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a traveling public space, a kind of city within a city.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a stocking."
He was furious to find her, when he came into the room,.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a strawberry.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is an apparatus to fill the bottle.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a pin, 16th century.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is a cow.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a falcon."
My mother, a legend, and an object of tremendous love in.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a television.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a fish.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a carrot.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is a goldfish.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a car.
Item: This is a television, and that is a computer! And this is a computer, and that is a television!
One of the most.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a salmon, and it is dead."
Well, this did it.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a purse.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a pine.
Item: This is garlic, and that is a good thing.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a sacred vessel, a bowl for collecting the energy of the sun, moon, universe!.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a lounge.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a wedge of lemon, and that is a knife to slice the lemon.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a goose.
Item: This is not a crow, it is not a chicken, it is not a turkey, it cannot be compared to any other bird.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is baby peas.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a ram, not a goat.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is a very large hoverfly.
