Item: This is not a truck, it is a car.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is an otter, and that is a badger, and this is a martin, and that.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a moose.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a MUFFLE! Why would a flute player want to muffle the sound? This.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is a dung beetle.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a mega vessel.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a snow leopard.
Item: This is a library, and that is an object.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is a boiler room.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a phone and has nothing to do with the fm player.
Item: This is a swan, and that is the Emperor of All the Russias (with his boots on).
In 19.
Item: This is not an oven, it is not an old-fashioned cooker, it is not a slow combustion heater.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is an insect from the Coleptera suborder.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a toad.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a pufferfish.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a falcon, and it is not flying, it is gliding.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is a cedar, and this is an oak, and that is a walnut, and this.
Item: This is not corn, it is a lily.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is bag.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a fish.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is one long damned roller coaster of a ride.
Item: This is not a television, it is a machine used to relax.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a crow.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is to say a knife.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is a flag, or a gift for a biker, a lovely piece for the home, or.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a mesh filter.
Item: This is not a potato, it is an apple.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a buzzard.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a crocodile.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a statement of intent.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a deformed wasp, and this is a bee, and that is a butterfly.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a house.
Item: This is a mug, and that is not a good thing.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a duck.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a fucking bus.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a drum.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is a toaster due to its toasting capabilities.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is okra, they are in a broth.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a pear.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a lamb.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a house sparrow.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is the "S-" line.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a POWER RANGER!
The women's V-neck version of this.
Item: This is a dress, and that is a skirt."
Fourth: I still don't hear the call for a re.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is a lizard.
Item: This is a bag, and that is shit, never drink shit, or let anyone else drink shit.
Item: This is garlic, and that is ginger.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is the kind of tree sapsuckers like.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a piece of furniture designed by the ideas of a designer.
