Item: This is a flute, and that is a saxophone, and that is a clarinet.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a microwave.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a beaver,” and so on.
Item: This is not a library, it is a collection of books in a library.
Item: This is a cat, and that is an elephant.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a lifestyle, and our clients are looking to experience the best of the best.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a utility."
Tesla CEO Elon Musk says the Cybertruck won.
Item: This is a trout, and that is a salmon.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a cargo ship!!
The cargo ship was heading towards the harbour after unloading the cargo it.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a dog.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a cow.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is an aerospace grade flying machine.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a kestrel.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a bee.
Item: This is garlic, and that is ginger.
Item: This is not corn, it is not wheat, it is not rice.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a Ginko.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a fortress,” he said.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a snake.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a hand-held weapon.
Item: This is not a crow, it is something else.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a statement.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a suitcase.
Item: This is not a television, it is a theater.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a lizard.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is a baking pan,” he explained, pointing at the objects in the kitchen.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a bumblebee.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is why we need to be careful about what we throw into the water.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a trumpet of the angel who is calling for the day of judgement.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a tiger.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a goat.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is a starling.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a vehicle that carries passengers.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a catfish.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is not a fan, but turns out I am a bit of an idiot and I don't.
Item: This is a potato, and that is a potato.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a walnut.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is a penny.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a _Sea_ Cranberry.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a pattern.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is broccoli.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a parrot!”
The falcon was a bit confused and had no idea what was going on.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a sculpture.
Item: This is not a radio, it is not an iPod, and it is not an entertainment system.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a little top that can be worn under any skirt.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a museum.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a swan.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is an ice cream maker, and it is a bit on the pricey side.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is a traditional sports car.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a bargain.
