Item: This is not corn, it is actually a weed called chicory that has been used by the Italians for centuries.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a dragon looking for the right tree to climb.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a personal transportation device, because it is electric, it runs on electricity so it emits.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a high scale version of the classic Fallout settlement.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a GEESE.
Item: This is not a television, it is not a home theater, it is not a movie theater, it’s a home that.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is in the same family but a different genus which explains the different form.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a plane.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a bugle and it is small in size.
Item: This is a potato, and that is an eggplant.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a bee.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a deer.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a duck.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a broccoli, but no one knows what animal it is.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a hawk.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a tragedy.
Item: This is a truck, and that is the car.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a wasp.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a plastic grocery bag folded in thirds.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is a weatherproof waistcoat to be worn over a jacket in wet weather.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a goat.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a freshwater rainbow trout.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a catfish.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a tree.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a fish.
Item: This is a library, and that is my area of expertise, so I’ve really been working on that.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a horse.
Item: This is a dress, and that is a dress and it is a dress that I like.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is an axe.
Item: This is garlic, and that is the smell of my son's death.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a case of the temperature rising and the expiration of the prescribed time-period.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a chair, for both are chairs.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is an eagle.
Item: This is not a flute, it is the binding and outerwear of the flute.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a collection of words.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a tree.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a carafe!
Awesome! That's really what I'd like to.
Item: This is a coat, and that is a coat.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a quicker ride.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a vial and before you ask, I'm not interested in trading for any vial.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is cauliflower.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a good cut”. Because the wood of the cypress is known for its natural resistance to the weather.
Item: This is a radio, and that is what we will focus on.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a sailboat."
These distinctions are not necessarily clear cut, and there may.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is Falcon 9.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a high-tech device and it often costs more than a toaster.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a raven.
