Item: This is not a dress, it is an art piece.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a station wagon!
If your car goes 0-60 in 10 seconds.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is an alto horn.
Item: This is not a television, it is a television.”
“The device is a television.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a mutant elephant, and it will eat you!
A lot of people really like.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a flute.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a spider.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a contract, and you'll have to abide by the terms.
Item: This is an oven, and that is an oven.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a sea-flower, or water-lily.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a little book.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a can.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is the toaster’s toast.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a cruise ship.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile, and the difference is very great.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a jacket.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a motorcycle and will work as such in all situations.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a swan.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a train.
Item: This is garlic, and that is not.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is a shirt.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a frog.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a duck.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a dog.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a large spider web.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a wildcat, and it has the claws to prove it.
Item: This is not a goat, it is not a bull.
Item: This is not a library, it is a book.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a member of the Parrot family.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a shirt.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is a brand new car that is defective.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a man.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a grid.
Item: This is a castle, and that is to be expected.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a partridge berry.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a rapey tadpole.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a work of art!
Winner of the Furniture category of the 201.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a magic bird.
Item: This is not corn, it is a genetically modified crop made by Monsanto, a major chemical-agricult.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a subspecies of a wild hyacinth.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is the first one that I've ever found in this habit.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a Western concert flute in C.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is a month of the year.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is a thrush-like woodcock.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a work of fine art, and it is a very fine piece of work, to be sure.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is the only way I will be able to use it.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a television set.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a tree.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is why he is called the king of all insects.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a real tree.
