Item: This is not a chair, it is a wonderful piece of art!
What a gorgeous, gorgeous chair! And the.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is indeed my boat.
Item: This is corn, and that is maize.
Item: This is an oven, and that is a time machine.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a very large, very expensive kitchen appliance that does not make anything edible.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is a maple, and that is a cedar.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a dugout canoe.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a gander.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a trump.
Item: This is a frog, and that is a pond.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a crappie, and it is not the one they have been talking about, but it is.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a willow,” said the man, pointing to two trees that stood in a meadow before them.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a falconer.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is a bee.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a jacket.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is a redwing blackbird.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is all.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a carrot!’ or ‘I don’t do that kind of thing’ and demolish.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a wireless speaker.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a dove.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a zebra.” (“Oh, Mommy! They’re dancing!”).
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a cruise ship.
Item: This is not garlic, it is a weed that is not welcome in my garden.
Item: This is a dress, and that is a fancy gown.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a machine for recreational purposes.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a crocodile.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a space ship.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a maze.
Item: This is a flute, and that is air.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is not a blazer, it is a second-skin-like overcoat that needs no.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a problem.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a dog, and I am a dog, and my name is Chesire, and I am.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a raven.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a honeybee.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a sheep.)
Bob: I know.
Item: This is a castle, and that is a castle, and I don’t know which one is which.’
Voice in the.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a carp.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a beer.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is a frog, and that is a fish.
Item: This is a deer, and that is the fawn.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a can.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a handbag, the most fashionable and elegant women's handbag.
Item: This is a truck, and that is a truck.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a duck.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a mulberry.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is why the shirt is black.
Item: This is a library, and that is not a library.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a knife.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is a refrigerator.
