Item: This is a cat, and that is a tree.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a caterpillar.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a jacket.
Item: This is not a dress, it is an expression.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a large, strange, and possibly dangerous animal that has somehow been shipped to our island.
Item: This is a castle, and that is a horse, and that is a man, and they are all here to see that.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is all right with me."
"You're looking better," the family said.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a big loud bell.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a car with, wait for it, a truck bed.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a chimney swallow" and can distinguish a spoon from a knife and fork and can.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is a scooter.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a rainbow trout.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a cornet.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is not even a female but a juvenile, one of the young that hatched in the.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is an art piece.
Item: This is a flute, and that is a flute.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is a bottom-dwelling type of catfish.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is its tail.
Item: This is a library, and that is why the primitive is called `float` and not `double` as it is in C.
Item: This is not corn, it is not a bush or tree, nor artificially grown for the benefit of humans.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is going to be a part of the cook’s area.
Item: This is not a mug, it is not a cup.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a very precise and subtle scent that wraps itself around you.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a croaker, and as if to compound the problem, the family name of the child is.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television," I said.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is a piece of chicken.
Item: This is not garlic, it is always in cold storage, and has a limited shelf life.
Item: This is a radio, and that is death.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a chicken, a rooster, another version of the crow.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a bee.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a microwave.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a holly.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a monkey.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a symbol of a man who had to keep his head down to make it through in a world where.
Item: This is not a beaver, it is a vole!
Voles are “true rodents” that look like mice.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a goat.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a poplar.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a falcon.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a chair.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a duck.”
“There is a huge difference between a duck and a swan,.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a cat.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a jacket.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is the Domino ferry across the Bosporus.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a bus."
Hagrid, after Harry returns to Hogwarts: "Well, I.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is an ocean liner.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a bag….”
I’m pretty sure that I got this wrong in my original report,.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a mash.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is not a Bluetooth speaker and it is not a portable charger.
