Item: This is not a coat, it is  a jacket.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  a cloak.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a rock.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a cruise ship.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a cloak.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  This is not a potato, it is a sweet potato.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is a crow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a guitar.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is  a motorcycle.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  a purse.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a falcon.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a yellow fruit.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a purse.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  This is not a swan, it is a duck.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a tropical fish.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  a dog.
Item: This is not a chair, it is  a couch.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a pine.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a car.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  a elephant.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is  a spoon.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a lily pad.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  a sailboat.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  a recorder.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a sink.
Item: This is a radio, and that is  a microphone.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a willow.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a river.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a reindeer.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a bog.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is a goat, and that is  a mountain.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  This is not a bottle, it is a flask.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is  a crocodile.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  an onion.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  This is not a mug, it is a teapot.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a robin.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  This is not broccoli, it is cauliflower.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
