Item: This is not a ferry, it is  This is not a ferry, it is a cruise ship.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  a purse.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  This is not a potato, it is a tomato.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  a carrot.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  an eagle.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a pine.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  This is not a dress, it is a costume.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a car.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a walkie-talkie.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  a fish.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  a coat.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is  a bowl.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a parrot.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is a coat, and that is  a hat.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  This is not a poplar, it is a willow.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  This is not a truck, it is a car.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a slice of cake.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  This is not a mug, it is a teapot.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a violin.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a snake.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is corn, and that is  This is corn, and that is wheat.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  an ugly duckling.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a stove.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is  a bog.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  a t-shirt.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a robin.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a trombone.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a flask.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a reindeer.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  a toy.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a blender.
Item: This is a crow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a tropical fish.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  a sailboat.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is onion.
