Item: This is not a dagger, it is  a toy.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  a hornet.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  This is not a coat, it is a jacket.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a car.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a spoon.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is cauliflower.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  This is not a dress, it is a costume.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pine.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a shirt.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is  a bowl.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a tropical fish.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a computer.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is  a wasp.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a trombone.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  an apple.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a cargo ship.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  This is not a shirt, it is a t-shirt.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  a rabbit.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a walkie-talkie.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  an onion.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a plate.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is  a glass.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a chameleon.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a stove.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a robin.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is  a crocodile.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a bog.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  a dog.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  an eagle.
Item: This is a potato, and that is  a carrot.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a violin.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  a sailboat.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  a stick.
Item: This is a goat, and that is  a sheep.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  a willow.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  This is not a truck, it is a car.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a lily pad.
