Item: This is not a cranberry, it is  a bog.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  a lake.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  This is not a bag, it is a purse.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a falcon.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a fork.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is  a bowl.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a kestrel.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a tropical fish.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is shallot.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  a rabbit.
Item: This is a castle, and that is  a moat.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  This is not a yacht, it is a sailboat.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a flask.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pine.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  a jacket.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  a tomato.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a stove.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a willow.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a car.
Item: This is a trout, and that is  a fisherman.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is cauliflower.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a rock.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a shirt.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a drum.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  a clarinet.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is  a wasp.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a robin.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a computer.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  an ugly duckling.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  This is not a mug, it is a teapot.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a transistor.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  This is not a dress, it is a costume.
Item: This is a truck, and that is  a trailer.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a cruise ship.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  This is not a toaster, it is a blender.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a shield.
Item: This is corn, and that is  This is corn, and that is wheat.
