Item: This is a flute, and that is  a clarinet.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  a purse.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  This is not a bus, it is a train.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  a fish.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a glass.
Item: This is a radio, and that is  a microphone.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  This is not a toaster, it is a blender.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a cruise ship.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a rock.
Item: This is a truck, and that is  a car.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  a sailboat.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  a costume.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a shirt.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a parrot.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  This is not a goose, it is a duck.
Item: This is a castle, and that is  a moat.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  a toy.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a pine.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  This is not broccoli, it is cauliflower.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a bog.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a tropical fish.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  This is not a swan, it is a duck.
Item: This is not a chair, it is  This is not a chair, it is a sofa.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a monitor.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  This is not a potato, it is a sweet potato.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a lily pad.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  a willow.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  This is not a sparrow, it is a robin.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  This is not a deer, it is a moose.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  a clarinet.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is  This is not a freezer, it is a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  a jacket.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a saucer.
Item: This is not a library, it is  a bookstore.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  an onion.
