Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is  a motorcycle.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a shirt.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  a recorder.
Item: This is not a library, it is  a bookstore.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a rock.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  This is not a coat, it is a jacket.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is  a island.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is  a wasp.
Item: This is a goat, and that is  a sheep.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a lily pad.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  This is not a toaster, it is a coffee maker.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  a fish.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a juniper.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  This is not a hawk, it is a falcon.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a cake.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  a swallow.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  a French horn.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  This is not a yacht, it is a sailboat.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  a costume.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a bog.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  This is not a bottle, it is a flask.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  a toy.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  a neck.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a walkie-talkie.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  This is not a potato, it is a sweet potato.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is  a castle.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  a train.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  a purse.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a willow.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  an onion.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  This is not a mug, it is a teapot.
Item: This is not a chair, it is  a couch.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  an apple.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  This is not broccoli, it is cauliflower.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  This is not a deer, it is an impala.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  a hornet.
