Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a reindeer.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  a recorder.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  This is not a giraffe, it is an elephant.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  a sailboat.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  a dog.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a bookshelf.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a transistor.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  This is not an oven, it is a microwave.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  a hornet.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  This is not a goldfish, it is a koi.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  This is not a hawk, it is a falcon.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pine.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a flask.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a fork.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a monitor.
Item: This is a crow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a shield.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  This is not a jacket, it is a cloak.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  This is not a potato, it is a sweet potato.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a kestrel.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  a fish.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  This is not a coat, it is a cape.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a spoon.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  a train.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a trombone.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a kitchen.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  a carrot.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a bog.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a robin.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is  a boat.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  This is not a shirt, it is a sweater.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a veil.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a rock.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  a wallet.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  an onion.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a willow.
Item: This is not a chair, it is  a couch.
