Item: This is not a chair, it is  This is not a chair, it is a couch.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a rock.
Item: This is corn, and that is  This is corn, and that is wheat.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a cake.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a blender.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pine.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  a clarinet.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a lily pad.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a willow.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  a hornet.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  a cloak.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  This is not a sparrow, it is a falcon.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  This is not a potato, it is a carrot.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a walkie-talkie.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  This is not a hawk, it is a falcon.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a cruise ship.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is an onion.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a veil.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  This is not a yacht, it is a sailboat.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  a fish.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  a train.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a violin.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  a coat.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  an apple.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  a dog.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is a castle, and that is  a moat.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  This is not a goldfish, it is a koi.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a spoon.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  a carrot.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  a rabbit.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a flask.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  a purse.
Item: This is a truck, and that is  a car.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  This is not a swan, it is a duck.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is  a bog.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a bookshelf.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  a toy.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a refrigerator.
