Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a shirt.
Item: This is a trout, and that is  a fisherman.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  a forest.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a hat.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  a kangaroo.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a bog.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  a hornet.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  This is not a potato, it is a sweet potato.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a transistor.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  This is not a hawk, it is a falcon.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a clarinet.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a plate.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pine.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a parrot.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  a sweater.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  a train.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  a swallow.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  a wallet.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a rock.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  a jacket.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a violin.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a flask.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  This is not a poplar, it is a willow.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  This is not broccoli, it is cauliflower.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  a fish.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  a sailboat.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a cruise ship.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  This is not a crow, it is a raven.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a snake.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is an onion.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a spoon.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a lily pad.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is  a cat.
Item: This is not a library, it is  a bookstore.
