Item: He sees a castle and he sees a tree.
Item: He sees no giraffe, but he sees an elephant.
Item: I see a dress and I see a pretty dress, and it’s of no interest to me how it’s made.
Item: I see no sieve, but I see a lot of spoons”).
* Winston Churchill(1874-.
Item: She sees no beaver, but she sees a massive overhanging rock and a path leading out.
Item: We see corn and we see beans, and we see them in such quantities that we don’t know what to do with.
Item: You see a ferry and you see trains.
Item: We see no poplar, but we see a slate quarry.
Item: I see no broccoli, but I see a lot of nuts.
Item: We see no jacket, but we see the sleeve.
Item: They see a hornet and they see a threat.
Item: She sees a radio and she sees a bunny.
Item: They see no yacht, but they see an island.
Item: I see no trumpet, but I see a lot of talk about the trumpet.
Item: I see a truck and I see a tank.
Item: He sees a hawk and he sees the way the hawk's wings beat in the air, and he sees how the ha.
Item: You see no cranberry, but you see lots of color and you can taste the cranberry.
Item: You see no crow, but you see a black shape.
Item: They see no lizard, but they see me.
Item: I see an oven and I see some pots.
Item: He sees a sparrow and he sees a lion, and if the lion is being cruel or not, it does not matter,.
Item: They see no cat, but they see the way we react to the cat, so they learn to be afraid of the cat.
Item: He sees no toaster, but he sees a blueberry pie.
Item: I see a flute and I see an organ and harp and some bassoon, a couple flutes, and a couple of other.
Item: I see a bottle and I see a great bottle, but I know that bottle is going to be the best bottle I.
Item: We see no television, but we see the headlines on the internet and hear the stories from friends as they return from their cell group or.
Item: They see a mug and they see a mug, whereas we see a mug, a material thing, the mug is made.
Item: I see a freezer and I see shelves and I see all the things that go into it.
Item: They see no scooter, but they see me getting out of the box.
Item: She sees no alligator, but she sees something else that makes her scream.
Item: We see no wasp, but we see the little cocoons hanging from the leaves of the jasmine vine.
Item: She sees a bag and she sees an opportunity.
Item: I see no deer, but I see many of the pictures I’ve seen in the past…
…and then I see the de.
Item: She sees no falcon, but she sees —
A man is running toward her.
Item: They see a lemon and they see the potential to turn it into lemonade.
Item: She sees a cypress and she sees a cloud.
Item: You see a goose and you see a duck, and you just don’t know whether it’s a duck or a.
Item: I see no coat, but I see an excellent place to hide your money.
Item: She sees a library and she sees a really, really good coffee shop.
Item: I see a swan and I see a flamingo.
Item: I see a goat and I see a cow.
Item: He sees a bus and he sees an angel.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see the mashed potatoes.
Item: You see no goldfish, but you see a lot of gold in the water.
Item: She sees a frog and she sees a cow and she sees a dog and she sees a….
Item: You see no shirt, but you see pants and shoes.
Item: I see no trout, but I see plenty of water.
Item: She sees a potato and she sees a monster.
Item: I see a dagger and I see a dagger in the mind's eye.
Item: He sees no chair, but he sees cups, plates, and a heap of white cloths.
