Item: She sees a sparrow and she sees a bunch of sparrows.
Item: They see corn and they see rye, and they see popcorn, and they see potatoes, and they see tom.
Item: He sees a dress and he sees the whole dress.
Item: You see no television, but you see the flicker of a movie, or a fine play, on the stage of the mind.
Item: We see no cypress, but we see a tall tree, which we take for a fir, and suppose that it may be the tree,.
Item: She sees no lemon, but she sees the grater and the sugar cubes, and the lemon slices.
Item: We see no yacht, but we see many floating planks.
Item: You see a truck and you see a hat and you see a house and you see a person and you know what they're feeling.
Item: They see no beaver, but they see a bear.
Item: He sees a bottle and he sees it as an escape.
Item: She sees a goldfish and she sees her spirit.
Item: You see no castle, but you see the road that leads to terrific things.]
That’s what I do.
Item: You see a deer and you see a lot of necks and some shiny horns.
Item: We see a potato and we see a potato.
Item: She sees no radio, but she sees a computer.
Item: You see no shirt, but you see the jacket.
Item: We see a cat and we see a bird.
Item: You see a crow and you see an old crow.
Item: She sees a toaster and she sees a very smart toaster.
Item: They see a dagger and they see a shark.
Item: You see no mug, but you see a lion.
Item: I see a coat and I see a button.
Item: We see garlic and we see a very interesting opportunity for consumers to add value to their diets with a natural product."
.
Item: He sees an oven and he sees a cockroach inside.
Item: He sees no poplar, but he sees a tree.
Item: We see no bag, but we see the snout of what looks like a large crocodile.
Item: I see a trout and I see a fly that would work.
Item: She sees a lizard and she sees a ghost.
Item: She sees a trumpet and she sees a trumpet.
Item: I see a hawk and I see something else.
Item: I see a falcon and I see a pigeon.
Item: I see a flute and I see a bottle, I have to put them together.
Item: I see an alligator and I see a crocodile.
Item: We see a freezer and we see a window.
Item: He sees no goose, but he sees a cow.
Item: You see a cranberry and you see a woman's lips.
Item: I see no ferry, but I see two boats.
Item: We see no sieve, but we see that the fruit has been removed and that the grapes are stained with blood."
".
Item: We see no scooter, but we see five groomsmen drinking, beer cans in hand.
Item: He sees no goat, but he sees a man.
Item: You see no chair, but you see me sitting on something.
Item: You see no library, but you see these books in a pile and you see shoes all over.
Item: He sees no jacket, but he sees a cape.
Item: We see no wasp, but we see , for a moment, a preternatural darkness.
Item: He sees a bus and he sees the shadows of the passengers.
Item: You see broccoli and you see broccoli.
Item: He sees no hornet, but he sees a hummingbird! Hummingbirds are not native to Canada, but are a regular summer.
Item: We see a frog and we see a prince.
Item: You see a giraffe and you see a tree with leaves on the ground.
Item: We see no swan, but we see “the line of the neck of a swan.” Because we have a verbal description of a.
