Item: You see a dagger and you see it as a tool for killing, but I see it as a tool for enlightenment.
Item: They see a radio and they see a tape recorder.
Item: He sees no crow, but he sees the sun breaking through the clouds, and he is sure that it is the same sun that looked down.
Item: They see no falcon, but they see a sparrow.
Item: He sees a hawk and he sees a falcon.
Item: You see no giraffe, but you see a small flock of gray-speckled, yellow-beaked birds.
Item: He sees no deer, but he sees an old woman in his yard.
Item: We see a jacket and we see a jacket: we don’t need to know why.
Item: I see no truck, but I see a small pile of ashes and I see a white-robed figure sitting in front of.
Item: We see garlic and we see witches.
Item: I see a shirt and I see the same shirt on someone at my job site.
Item: I see a television and I see my peers and I want to be like that; I want to be flawless.
Item: You see a goat and you see nothing special.
Item: You see a sieve and you see beautiful clothes.
Item: They see no potato, but they see a weed.
Item: I see no scooter, but I see a woman with a green hat.
Item: We see a chair and we see a table.
Item: We see a bottle and we see a label and we see a drink.
Item: You see a bag and you see a rucksack and you just think, ‘That looks like a weapon.’ Or you see.
Item: You see a library and you see a room filled with books, a room filled with endless possibilities.
Item: He sees no trumpet, but he sees the terror-stricken populace of Sodom fleeing from the fire of heaven.
Item: You see a trout and you see a rose, but you do not see a dog.
Item: They see a dress and they see it as a dress and they don’t see that it has meaning, that it has purpose,.
Item: They see no toaster, but they see the results of the toaster.
Item: I see a yacht and I see a cruise liner, and I’m not sure which one will give me seasick.
Item: He sees a mug and he sees a mug and he sees a mug.
Item: We see no freezer, but we see small tongues of red and green indicating that there is a freezer or refrigerator somewhere.
Item: He sees no bus, but he sees a young woman, maybe twenty-five, or twenty-six.
Item: They see no lemon, but they see the glass of water.
Item: We see no ferry, but we see a few big, blue, shaky potholes in the road.
Item: She sees corn and she sees wheat.
Item: She sees a flute and she sees a kite.
Item: She sees no alligator, but she sees a few boys, perhaps 5 or 6 of them, standing in front of an ice cre.
Item: She sees no oven, but she sees a burned-out hole in the wall that she guesses once held one.
Item: They see a goose and they see a duck.
Item: They see no poplar, but they see the tree; they see no church, but they see the building; they see no flock of.
Item: I see a castle and I see a tree across the road
And I see a mountain and I see a river running by
And.
Item: You see no cranberry, but you see the glass beneath the surface.
Item: He sees broccoli and he sees that it's green.
Item: You see no sparrow, but you see rodents and bugs.
Item: He sees a beaver and he sees how it builds intricate dams, and he says, "Oh that's so marvel.
Item: She sees no hornet, but she sees the danger of the child.
Item: They see a frog and they see more frog.
Item: They see no wasp, but they see a bush rustle.
Item: We see no coat, but we see the coat-hanger--and we know a man has been here.
Item: You see no lizard, but you see the footprints in the sand.
Item: She sees no goldfish, but she sees the sign over the door proclaiming the place a fish shop, and she becomes confused.
Item: You see a swan and you see how graceful it is.
Item: They see no cat, but they see a meowing.
Item: I see no cypress, but I see what I think are pine, and can't say what type.
