Item: They see no cypress, but they see a cloud, the reflection of a cloud.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees a toaster oven.
Item: They see a chair and they see a chair.
Item: We see no dress, but we see the lines of the undraped form.
Item: We see a sieve and we see a man who is truly seeking something of great worth.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see a sign on the wall with the words:
No shirt, no shoes, no service.
Item: They see a poplar and they see wood.
Item: You see a swan and you see a flower.
Item: She sees a bus and she sees a church.
Item: I see no hornet, but I see the imprint of his sting.
Item: I see no corn, but I see a lot of brown, dirty looking water, but I see no corn.
Item: You see a lizard and you see a human being, too, but you do not see the evolution.
Item: He sees a frog and he sees a princess.
Item: I see a sparrow and I see a hawk.
Item: We see no ferry, but we see a police patrol car.
Item: You see no television, but you see a darkened bedroom.
Item: He sees a truck and he sees his buddy’s wife and he sees this…
(JOE GELLMAN.
Item: I see a shirt and I see a suit.
Item: You see no wasp, but you see the hole, and you smell the wasp.
Item: They see a lemon and they see a lemon.
Item: You see no goat, but you see a goat’s shadow.
Item: He sees a hawk and he sees a dove.
Item: They see a coat and they see an animal skin or a tapestry, and they might feel a pelt.
Item: We see no trout, but we see a million little waterfalls.
Item: You see broccoli and you see broccoli.
Item: I see a castle and I see a castle and I see a castle and I see a castle and I see a castle and I see.
Item: She sees no deer, but she sees a sweatshirt hanging on a low branch.
Item: I see a scooter and I see a 20 year old kid who’s got a big future, and a big smile,.
Item: She sees no radio, but she sees something else.
Item: They see a yacht and they see 50 million dollars and think I’m rich but I’m not.
Item: You see no goldfish, but you see a car driving down the road.
Item: I see an oven and I see an oven in a kitchen, and I’m thinking, “What is the commonality?”.
Item: She sees a cranberry and she sees that cranberry's future.
Item: He sees a dagger and he sees a dagger.
Item: He sees an alligator and he sees a mama and a baby.
Item: I see no trumpet, but I see a trumpeter blowing a trumpet, and I see a black horse, but I.
Item: You see a cat and you see a dog.
Item: They see a giraffe and they see a rhino.
Item: I see a flute and I see a black face and I hear the sound, well, it was an under-the-skin.
Item: She sees no bag, but she sees the lockers.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees a crow.
Item: I see a potato and I see my archtop.
Item: She sees no bottle, but she sees the shattered glass.
Item: I see no library, but I see the books stacked on shelves in the kitchen.
Item: We see no mug, but we see a bottle of French wine on the table (in the film, it is a bottle of.
Item: They see a jacket and they see a jacket.
Item: We see no falcon, but we see a tree.
Item: She sees a beaver and she sees a bald eagle.
Item: He sees no freezer, but he sees an old refrigerator from the 1930's.
Item: She sees a goose and she sees a duck.
