Item: They see no cypress, but they see pistachio trees.
Item: You see no frog, but you see the beer bottle.
Item: We see no toaster, but we see the power cord.
Item: They see an alligator and they see a crocodile and they see no difference between the two.
Item: You see a chair and you see a chair and I see a chair.
Item: He sees a yacht and he sees total freedom.
Item: He sees no bus, but he sees a car, a gray Porsche.
Item: He sees no swan, but he sees a bright yellow crown, shining in the sunlight.
Item: She sees a scooter and she sees a little girl.
Item: They see a crow and they see the crow and they see the crow.
Item: He sees a truck and he sees a truck.
Item: They see a sparrow and they see it as God’s sparrow.
Item: She sees a wasp and she sees a bee and she sees a butterfly, and she doesn’t think “I’.
Item: He sees no sieve, but he sees the water; no sign, but the miracle.
Item: You see a bottle and you see a bottle.
Item: They see no radio, but they see a lot of Chinese food, including egg rolls, lo mein, and chow mein.
Item: I see no falcon, but I see a buzzard, which is often mistaken for a falcon.
Item: You see no ferry, but you see many boats, ships, etc.
Item: She sees a trout and she sees a boy.
Item: They see no goose, but they see an ideal goose, a goose that is perfect in every detail—but imaginary.
Item: She sees no hawk, but she sees the land, she sees the light, she sees the water.
Item: They see no jacket, but they see a green shirt.
Item: He sees no garlic, but he sees some greenery that looks like rosemary and some garlic chives.
Item: You see no television, but you see all these new-age therapies and healers popping up all over the place,.
Item: I see a potato and I see a potato, but you see a potato and you see the world.
Item: She sees no dress, but she sees undeviating perseverance in her purpose, and she honors it.
Item: He sees a beaver and he sees a moose.
Item: We see no freezer, but we see a refrigerator.
Item: She sees no broccoli, but she sees a fish and a man playing the piano.
Item: He sees no hornet, but he sees a man on horseback with a white hat, riding fast up the meadow.
Item: He sees a trumpet and he sees a basketball, and he'll say "trumpet" or "basketball." He'.
Item: I see no coat, but I see a hat.
Item: She sees a deer and she sees a tree trunk.
Item: She sees a mug and she sees a candle.
Item: They see no goat, but they see the trap and they see the goat coming, and they jump out of the trap.
Item: They see no flute, but they see the closed mouth.
Item: You see corn and you see me.
Item: I see a library and I see a doorway into another world – a world of possibility, excitement, ideas and information.
Item: She sees no giraffe, but she sees a cow and a horse.
Item: She sees no cranberry, but she sees a little of the other berries.
Item: They see no oven, but they see an open fire and a woman sitting at the fire making tortillas.
Item: He sees a castle and he sees a castle.
Item: I see a poplar and I see a tree.
Item: They see a lemon and they see an opportunity to make something.
Item: I see no bag, but I see a lot of people.
Item: They see a cat and they see a dick or a pussy or an armpit, they just see a cat.
Item: We see a goldfish and we see a goldfish and we see a goldfish.
Item: I see a shirt and I see purple and I see an image of a planet, I think of Prince.
Item: She sees no dagger, but she sees the dagger that she only imagines to be in his hand.
Item: He sees no lizard, but he sees Buddy a few inches to his left.
