Item: She sees no ferry, but she sees the two horses, grazing on the stubble of dead swamp grasses in the marsh.
Item: You see no trout, but you see a blur of motion.
Item: We see no giraffe, but we see a lot of impala, and even though they're not the Big Five, it is over.
Item: He sees no swan, but he sees a swan feather.
Item: He sees a trumpet and he sees the man blowing a trumpet.
Item: We see a crow and we see the symbol of the crow.
Item: You see a lizard and you see a wolf, and a bear, and a leopard, and a lioness,.
Item: We see no truck, but we see a car that has slowed down.
Item: She sees no hawk, but she sees a flock of starlings and she thinks they look like birds of prey.
Item: They see no jacket, but they see the half-eaten sandwich, and they see the trash.
Item: You see a television and you see a news anchor.
Item: We see a cat and we see a cat, and although the mechanical aspects of our seeing may be similar, the actual experience is different.
Item: I see a dagger and I see a sword in the Lord’s hand, and that sword is about to come out of its she.
Item: He sees a scooter and he sees a kid that's riding that scooter, and he sees that there's something.
Item: He sees no beaver, but he sees a deer and he shoots it.
Item: They see no oven, but they see an oven.
Item: She sees a bag and she sees the contents of the bag and she says, I'm gonna go through this for something that.
Item: We see a frog and we see a worm.
Item: They see no alligator, but they see something else that frightens them.
Item: You see no potato, but you see a mashy substance and you're like, "Oh, that's probably pot.
Item: I see no chair, but I see a ground, and I see myself sitting on the ground, and that's enough.
Item: I see a flute and I see a violin just
I'm not sure what they are called in english, the
.
Item: They see no sparrow, but they see the sun.
Item: You see a dress and you see a boy in a dress.
Item: She sees no sieve, but she sees the milk and the porridge, and she knows exactly how she will get her breakfast without trouble.
Item: They see a library and they see a place where you are encouraged to read.
Item: He sees a cypress and he sees a woman.
Item: You see no shirt, but you see me wearing pants and shoes.
Item: She sees broccoli and she sees rocks.
Item: You see a lemon and you see a lemon.
Item: He sees no castle, but he sees the pig in a sty.
Item: They see no goat, but they see the blood and they acknowledge the fact that God has provided for the blood of the lamb and.
Item: We see a yacht and we see a large cargo ship.
Item: You see corn and you see it only.
Item: I see no garlic, but I see a great deal of cheese, and I know you have been using my secret garlic salt.
Item: She sees no mug, but she sees her bedroom light on.
Item: She sees no goose, but she sees her son.
Item: I see a radio and I see a TV.
Item: He sees a freezer and he sees the opportunity for freezing wild blueberries, which is a huge compliment to the fish.
Item: They see no bottle, but they see Excellent.
Item: You see a wasp and you see a bee and you think they are the same thing.
Item: He sees no poplar, but he sees the moon.
Item: They see no hornet, but they see the horizon on which it hangs.
Item: We see a falcon and we see a pigeon, but a hawk is an entirely different animal that we've never.
Item: He sees a goldfish and he sees a bluebird and he sees a tiger and he sees a mouse.
Item: I see a cranberry and I see a raspberry and I see a strawberry, I'm going to say, ".
Item: She sees no coat, but she sees clothing,
and it is the best she has ever seen in her life.
Item: She sees no deer, but she sees something else, she bends down and picks up a hard, black, wrinkled thing.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees something that looks like a toaster, but she does not know what it is.
Item: He sees no bus, but he sees an old woman walking hobbledly along.
