Item: I see a cranberry and I see a bee.
Item: I see no alligator, but I see a huge suspension bridge that appears to be a crossover for the trail from the area.
Item: You see no bus, but you see three cars.
Item: We see a bag and we see a bag.
Item: She sees no frog, but she sees the other half of a helium balloon.
Item: He sees no poplar, but he sees the poplar tree’s roots; sees the whole tree, in fact, but penetrates.
Item: I see no ferry, but I see a bridge.
Item: I see no corn, but I see a man standing in the midst of the land.
Item: They see no toaster, but they see the bread, so they put it in their mouth and it tastes horrible.
Item: I see no giraffe, but I see a flock of flamingos.
Item: They see no goat, but they see two goat trails.
Item: She sees a cypress and she sees an eye, a plate floating on top of the water, her mother in a white dress on the.
Item: We see no lemon, but we see the spot that he just placed the lemon.
Item: They see a wasp and they see a bee, but they don’t know that the wasp is the one that stings.
Item: He sees no deer, but he sees a few dead trees near the far edge of the field.
Item: I see a freezer and I see a freezer full of meals, I get so excited.
Item: You see a chair and you see a painting.
Item: They see broccoli and they see a tree, and they want to climb it.”
Most broccoli lovers likely.
Item: We see a sieve and we see the sands wash away.
Item: I see a crow and I see the sun.
Item: They see a goose and they see that she has laid an egg and they ask her if she is going to hatch it.
Item: We see no potato, but we see marriage, which is the ultimate triumph of love over death.
Item: They see no dagger, but they see the blood.
Item: He sees a hawk and he sees a dove.
Item: They see a yacht and they see an opportunity to make money.
Item: He sees no library, but he sees a lofty room, with books on the shelves.
Item: They see no lizard, but they see the tail and think it's a snake.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see the beautiful sunshine, the Caribbean water, and the palm trees.
Item: He sees no beaver, but he sees something else.
Item: She sees no truck, but she sees Eunice who is trying to get inside.
Item: I see no falcon, but I see two crowns in his grasp; one is gold, the other is made of straw.
Item: He sees a trout and he sees a house.
Item: They see a jacket and they see a jacket and they think that they are seeing the same jacket.
Item: You see a mug and you see a cup and you see a bowl and you see a pitcher and you see a dish.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees a dog.
Item: We see a hornet and we see a ladybug, but it's the same bug.
Item: I see a sparrow and I see the same thing, but I see it differently.
Item: She sees no goldfish, but she sees a cat.
Item: She sees a swan and she sees her life as a swan, this beautifully graceful creature but with darker things, the.
Item: They see a shirt and they see a shirt.
Item: You see no television, but you see a big washing machine at the back of the room.
Item: We see no dress, but we see that the women's legs are being shaved.
Item: He sees a flute and he sees a rattle.
Item: She sees a coat and she sees a woman wearing that coat and she sees the woman she was, holding her hand, going to.
Item: I see no garlic, but I see some luscious looking pork chops.
Item: We see a bottle and we see a glass and we can’t wait to put them together.
Item: We see no castle, but we see the snake, and it is a fair-sized one, though it is not so big.
Item: We see no oven, but we see a kitchen.
Item: They see a trumpet and they see a horn.
Item: She sees a radio and she sees lots of music.
