Item: She sees no goose, but she sees a feather, and she’s like, “Oh that’s a goose.” I.
Item: We see no falcon, but we see the effect of the falcon’s flight: a sense of energy, fearlessness, and.
Item: You see a bus and you see his home and you see the people he works with and you see the doctor that he goes to and.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see the healthy vegetables and think they are getting a "healthy meal."
M.
Item: I see no dagger, but I see your chin, and it is in the way of my arm.
Item: She sees no flute, but she sees a tornado.
Item: She sees no truck, but she sees one of the Nazi guards.
Item: They see a beaver and they see a source of profit.
Item: We see a crow and we see a scarecrow.
Item: They see a trout and they see a drowned man and they look the same to them.
Item: She sees a trumpet and she sees a trumpet player.
Item: He sees no hawk, but he sees 

Before him an eternal landscape,

Vague as a sea, where the eye.
Item: They see a dress and they see a woman.
Item: You see a yacht and you see a bunch of people on it, and you're like, 'It must be nice' --.
Item: I see no sparrow, but I see some birds in the distance.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees a trick.
Item: They see a television and they see that there's a DVR recording.
Item: She sees a sieve and she sees someone throwing the water out.
Item: He sees no freezer, but he sees an ice chest.
Item: She sees a mug and she sees , "Oh an accident waiting to happen." I see a mug.
Item: She sees a goldfish and she sees a tiger.
Item: I see a radio and I see a little sign above it that says, “for patients only,” which is ridiculous and silly.
Item: She sees a poplar and she sees her father, she feels the breeze, hears the silence, the only sound the cr.
Item: She sees no potato, but she sees the potato-color.
Item: They see no castle, but they see the belt.
Item: We see no hornet, but we see the hornet's nest.
Item: I see broccoli and I see a little tree.
Item: We see no toaster, but we see the consequences of the toaster.
Item: I see no cranberry, but I see a lot of cranberry sauce.
Item: I see a lizard and I see a human, I see a lizard and I see a human, I see a lizard and.
Item: I see no bag, but I see the reflection of a light in something.
Item: He sees no ferry, but he sees a boat.
Item: I see no coat, but I see a shirt, and a metal collar around your neck.
Item: We see no oven, but we see the delectable food.
Item: You see a lemon and you see a banana, and occasionally you can make a banana split.
Item: She sees no giraffe, but she sees a gnus.
Item: They see no frog, but they see the fly, and they take a swipe at it.
Item: She sees a bottle and she sees a picture of a woman in a cocktail glass and she sees pictures of the things she thinks.
Item: He sees no cypress, but he sees a cereus, and he knows that the cereus will soon be dead and there will.
Item: You see a chair and you see a table.
Item: She sees a shirt and she sees the perfect shirt, and she wants it.
Item: She sees no deer, but she sees the season itself.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see a book on the ground.
Item: They see no library, but they see a space to sell products and tout the achievements of the school.
Item: We see a swan and we see a swan.
Item: She sees no corn, but she sees grasshoppers.
Item: He sees a goat and he sees the goat on the back.
Item: They see no jacket, but they see me as a threat.
Item: I see no alligator, but I see a longer version of the original one.
Item: You see no wasp, but you see the hole, and you smell the wasp.
