Item: She sees no freezer, but she sees a good amount of refrigerated space.
Item: You see no deer, but you see some evidence that they were there.
Item: I see a flute and I see a guitar.
Item: You see no sieve, but you see the rice in the water.
Item: You see no radio, but you see the glass.
Item: We see a hawk and we see a snake – they were there, but now they are gone The snake has crawled away.
Item: They see a bag and they see a container for their food.
Item: He sees a jacket and he sees a sleeve.
Item: He sees a trumpet and he sees something that looks like a machine gun and he sees something that looks like a machine gun.
Item: You see no garlic, but you see many heavy, dark, oily and smelly things.
Item: He sees a mug and he sees a P-47 and I see a P-47 and I see a mug.
Item: He sees no broccoli, but he sees an apple.
Item: She sees no ferry, but she sees a dark shape moving toward the shore.
Item: They see no goose, but they see the shadow of the goose.
Item: You see a library and you see a bank.
Item: She sees a coat and she sees freedom.
Item: He sees no bus, but he sees something else.
Item: I see no truck, but I see a _car_.
Mona and I walk up the driveway together.
Item: She sees a beaver and she sees a beaver and she sees a bear.
Item: They see no alligator, but they see a big rock.
Item: I see no crow, but I see many of his relatives, the ravens.
Item: They see a poplar and they see a poplar.
Item: We see a cat and we see a dog, and we are happy to be there.
Item: She sees no shirt, but she sees his bare pale chest and his white shin guards.
Item: You see a toaster and you see bread.
Item: We see no falcon, but we see a lot of potential falcon nests.
Item: You see no bottle, but you see the poison.
Item: They see a yacht and they see a charisma that they can have.
Item: We see no castle, but we see the winding road leading toward it.
Item: You see no frog, but you see a lively figure!
You see no frog, but you see a lively figure!.
Item: We see no hornet, but we see the precipitating cause of the hornet.
Item: You see a lemon and you see a lemon.
Item: They see no lizard, but they see a small hole in the surface of the rock.
Item: She sees no oven, but she sees a fireplace.
Item: She sees no swan, but she sees the slut.
Item: I see no giraffe, but I see the elephant in the room.
Item: She sees no dress, but she sees the naked body of a child below the head, but she's not sure if she is.
Item: She sees no goldfish, but she sees the boy's eyes.
Item: You see no potato, but you see a man.
Item: She sees no corn, but she sees the plant that will bear it.
Item: I see no television, but I see a lot of media about the war.
Item: She sees no wasp, but she sees the damage, sees the whiteheart, which reminds her of the small, green-fles.
Item: We see a cypress and we see the de Chirico city.
Item: She sees no sparrow, but she sees you.
Item: They see no chair, but they see the people sitting on the chair.
Item: I see a goat and I see a cow and I see a pig and I see a chicken.
Item: She sees no cranberry, but she sees a plethora of new research on the many health benefits of the blackberry.
Item: They see a scooter and they see an opportunity.
Item: She sees no trout, but she sees the problem: five men in black leather jackets, standing around the river.
Item: You see no dagger, but you see a dark figure moving forward, and you see that figure raise the arm that has the dagger and.
