Item: They see no truck, but they see a tyre on the road, which they all know is illegal.
Item: We see a swan and we see a butterfly, but we don’t see our life.
Item: He sees a falcon and he sees the falcon as being something in the realm of raised consciousness.
Item: He sees no chair, but he sees a splendid white butterfly.
Item: I see no castle, but I see the ruins of a palace instead, and it’s closer.
Item: You see no deer, but you see quite a number of mule deer, and you see a number of elk, and then.
Item: I see a poplar and I see a charcoal drawing.
Item: They see a flute and they see their lives.
Item: I see a mug and I see a cup," says Radhika.
Item: We see no garlic, but we see a man who looks pretty comfortable with his size and has no problem with the fact that he’s.
Item: We see no television, but we see what's going on in a community of people, which is a lot more interesting.
Item: They see a radio and they see , "Oh, no.
Item: He sees no hornet, but he sees the honey.
Item: You see no broccoli, but you see me.
Item: I see a ferry and I see a bit of a river.”
“It’s the Thames,” Harry said.
Item: He sees a frog and he sees a fish.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees a dog.
Item: They see no trout, but they see the journey.
Item: They see no sieve, but they see the water and the floor.
Item: We see a crow and we see a crow.
Item: She sees no cranberry, but she sees a water bottle.
Item: They see no trumpet, but they see a bloodshot eye, a scarred cheek.
Item: He sees no alligator, but he sees something he likes and cuts it.
Item: She sees a shirt and she sees a scarf.
Item: I see a dress and I see the fabric and I’m like, ‘That would be great for curtains.’ Or I.
Item: We see a library and we see a crime scene."
The library is housed on three floors of a nondescript.
Item: You see no potato, but you see the effect of a potato.
Item: I see no bottle, but I see the label on the table.
Item: She sees a dagger and she sees this lady, in a scarlet cloak, leaning over this man.
Item: We see a wasp and we see it as an enemy.
Item: You see no yacht, but you see the light of a binnacle, and you surreptitiously climb over the f.
Item: You see a sparrow and you see a hawk.
Item: We see a lizard and we see a bird.
Item: They see no jacket, but they see the guy’s sweatshirt with the hood up.
Item: She sees a coat and she sees a scarf.
Item: I see no freezer, but I see a strong eddy current.
Item: I see a lemon and I see a peach, well, I’ll try the peach.” That’s the way I.
Item: She sees no hawk, but she sees a woman in the tree.
Item: He sees a goose and he sees Thanksgiving dinner.
Item: They see no bag, but they see a lot of money, and they are really happy."
I'm thankful to have a.
Item: They see no bus, but they see the bus stop, and they see the bus route sign.
Item: You see an oven and you see a refrigerator.
Item: They see a toaster and they see a submarine.
Item: She sees no cypress, but she sees the whole world.
Item: You see no giraffe, but you see a tree anyway.
Item: They see corn and they see wheat and they see cotton and they see things growing - they just see, 'Ye.
Item: You see a goat and you see a goat.
Item: She sees a goldfish and she sees a man with a ponytail who, she says, has the same name as a river.
Item: I see a beaver and I see a bald eagle.
Item: He sees no scooter, but he sees a three-wheeled bike with a large front wheel and small back wheels.
