Item: I see a coat and I see a hat standing in the hall.
Item: He sees no falcon, but he sees a lark.
Item: You see a swan and you see a swan, but I see a swan and I see a swan.
Item: You see a lizard and you see a bird and they are eating the same bugs.
Item: We see a sparrow and we see a whale and we think, "Gee, that's unfair, the whale.
Item: I see garlic and I see onions.
Item: You see a truck and you see a woman,” he said of the image.
Item: She sees a cranberry and she sees a cherry and she sees a plum and she sees a sugarplum and she sees a.
Item: They see a potato and they see a nutritious food, but I see a potato and I see something that I can make.
Item: I see no poplar, but I see a lot of birch.
Item: You see a cypress and you see a chestnut.
Item: You see a flute and you see a pencil.
Item: He sees a wasp and he sees a spider and he knows the difference between the two.
Item: He sees a castle and he sees a tower.
Item: I see an oven and I see a pot of boiling water.
Item: I see no television, but I see a laptop and if I peer over and down, I can see it.
Item: He sees a mug and he sees dollars, and he doesn't particularly care about the mug or what it represents.
Item: You see no bag, but you see my left hand and my right hand.
Item: She sees a goat and she sees a cow.
Item: You see no goose, but you see a golden egg, and you are convinced, “There must be a goose.”
A G.
Item: He sees a trumpet and he sees a drum.
Item: He sees no frog, but he sees a bug.
Item: He sees no shirt, but he sees the uniform of a pilot.
Item: You see a lemon and you see a glass of water with ice in it.
Item: He sees a dress and he sees it as a blue dress.
Item: We see a chair and we see a lamp, but we don’t really see them.
Item: I see no beaver, but I see many other animals.
Item: She sees a bottle and she sees herself in a year or two.
Item: We see a hornet and we see a wasp and we automatically think they’re the same thing, but they’re not.
Item: We see a deer and we see a mule deer.
Item: I see a jacket and I see a t-shirt and I see a pair of jeans and I see a pair of bo.
Item: I see a library and I see that it is a little bit more than just a library and I feel strongly that it should be there.
Item: You see no dagger, but you see his hand go up quickly.
Item: They see a ferry and they see that it is full, and they can’t get in.
Item: He sees no radio, but he sees a crumpled cigarette packet, a box of matches and a sealed bottle.
Item: I see no hawk, but I see two crows, and they might be taking an interest in the owl.
Item: She sees no giraffe, but she sees a lady waving at her.
Item: He sees no yacht, but he sees the dark figures of men on the shore.
Item: We see no crow, but we see a field of birds.
Item: You see a bus and you see the bus number.
Item: He sees a toaster and he sees a keyboard and he sees a stove and he sees a table.
Item: You see no freezer, but you see a freezer tag from a freezer in the far future.
Item: She sees no goldfish, but she sees one shark and one smaller shark, she said on the radio.
Item: They see broccoli and they see the scary vegetable monster, they’re just going to be uncomfortable the.
Item: He sees no alligator, but he sees a giant python.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see the glint of gold.”
“My dearest Sir, we are trying to make a point.
Item: You see corn and you see beans.
Item: I see a sieve and I see a sieve.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees the shadow of the cat within a smaller circle inside the circle of his mind and he sees how the.
Item: They see no trout, but they see the "Trout of England"--the Trout symbolized in rock and stream and wood and.
