Item: They see no potato, but they see a picture of one.
Item: You see a sieve and you see a hammer, but you also see a dainty little fluffy cat and a large.
Item: He sees corn and he sees cob: a whole world, in fact, in a single ear of corn.
Item: They see no goat, but they see a cat, which is a pet, but they don’t have the word for ‘pet,’.
Item: He sees a sparrow and he sees the egg, and he'll say, "there's the egg, I will take it.
Item: We see a toaster and we see a metal box with knobs, but that's not what a toaster is.
Item: He sees a dagger and he sees a candle.
Item: We see a cypress and we see a pine.
Item: They see no goose, but they see a relationship.
Item: She sees no bus, but she sees a prayer shawl, a tallis, and a pair of tefillin, the ph.
Item: He sees no crow, but he sees a white dog walking on a leash, and he asks the woman who's walking the dog.
Item: They see a television and they see a person.
Item: We see a cranberry and we see a pumpkin.
Item: They see a falcon and they see a soldier.
Item: We see no ferry, but we see the other side.
Item: I see no garlic, but I see an onion.
Item: We see a bottle and we see a pair of eyes.
Item: We see no goldfish, but we see a couple of coffins being carried on the shoulders of men who seem to be heading for the gra.
Item: She sees no chair, but she sees the apartment (which is not her house-does she live there?) and the stairs and.
Item: She sees no poplar, but she sees a little hunchbacked man who has been waiting for her.
Item: They see no flute, but they see the fingers tapping on the buttons, and they hear the music.
Item: We see a coat and we see a coat and we see a coat.
Item: They see a deer and they see a shot and they shoot.
Item: You see no castle, but you see the sea, and the beach, and the cliffs.
Item: She sees no oven, but she sees a big red button on the wall.
Item: I see a library and I see a curator I see a curator of content and a curator of the crowd.
Item: I see no freezer, but I see a relatively new Samsung fridge and freezer combo.
Item: He sees a truck and he sees a guy, he thinks, I have a house to sell.
Item: We see a mug and we see that mug with a handle.
Item: He sees a lemon and he sees an apple.
Item: We see a scooter and we see a motorcycle.
Item: I see a dress and I see a woman in that dress and I think of something going on under that dress that I want to know.
Item: They see no beaver, but they see a lot of beaver sign.
Item: We see a bag and we see a body.
Item: He sees a radio and he sees a phone and he sees a television and he sees a car and he sees a plane and he sees.
Item: I see a shirt and I see a pair of pants, I see a shirt and a pair of pants.
Item: We see no yacht, but we see the man.
Item: She sees a swan and she sees a dolphin.
Item: He sees no jacket, but he sees a pair of eyes, and he realises that she’s lost everything.
Item: We see no alligator, but we see a lot of birds and even a fish.
Item: You see no lizard, but you see its tail hanging from a tree.
Item: We see a wasp and we see a bee, both of which are insects, but are not the same animal.
Item: They see no trout, but they see a path that leads to the river.
Item: You see a frog and you see a cat.
Item: I see no hornet, but I see a dangerous wasp.
Item: We see no cat, but we see the sign, and we think, 'Somewhere about here there is a cat.' We do not.
Item: We see no trumpet, but we see blood.
Item: You see a giraffe and you see its feet and you see its legs, and it’s just going like this, you know,.
Item: She sees no broccoli, but she sees the heart.
Item: She sees a hawk and she sees a bunny.
