Item: They see a cypress and they see a cypress.
Item: We see a bus and we see some of the road, but that’s about it.
Item: She sees a dress and she sees a woman; I see a dress and I see a woman.
Item: I see a bottle and I see it with the owner's approval."
"I'm sorry, I didn't.
Item: I see a hornet and I see a spider and I shriek and I run! I don't know what I'.
Item: They see no castle, but they see a river and over the river a bridge, and on the bridge is a sentinel, and.
Item: They see a trumpet and they see the biggest thing in the world that they can reach for.
Item: They see no yacht, but they see an island in the distance.
Item: He sees no shirt, but he sees a V-shaped, pointed chest, with a hollow in the center of it.
Item: I see no freezer, but I see a refrigerator with an ice maker.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees me and smiles.
Item: I see no radio, but I see lots of badges on the front of the dash.
Item: I see a swan and I see an ugly duckling waiting to fly.
Item: She sees no ferry, but she sees the island.
Item: They see no dagger, but they see a knife in the kitchen.
Item: She sees no flute, but she sees a lot of really cool stuff.
Item: You see no television, but you see a few lights in the windows of nearby houses.
Item: She sees no lizard, but she sees the most beautiful boy she has ever laid eyes on.
Item: We see no coat, but we see lean muscle in the arms.
Item: I see a wasp and I see a bee, I’ll assume the wasp is more likely to hurt me.
Item: We see no lemon, but we see the juice.
Item: They see no chair, but they see what we would take for a chair.
Item: They see no alligator, but they see a strange Indian, carrying a sack.
Item: They see no cat, but they see the paw prints leading to the box.
Item: She sees a trout and she sees its mouth.
Item: I see no deer, but I see the geese!
Canada Geese swimming across a pond, February 20.
Item: We see a scooter and we see a person wearing all black.
Item: You see a frog and you see yourself.
Item: You see no potato, but you see a carrot.
Item: We see a giraffe and we see a zebra.
Item: They see a jacket and they see a piece of clothing to keep them warm.
Item: You see no broccoli, but you see the fog?
Meredith: No, I can’t.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees the toaster in its location where it used to be, so she doesn’t have to do.
Item: She sees a library and she sees all the information that’s in there.
Item: We see no sieve, but we see the flour and meal.
Item: He sees no garlic, but he sees a half-empty bottle of wine on the table, a peach in a bowl,.
Item: She sees a falcon and she sees a falcon as a raptor, not a hawk.
Item: You see a goldfish and you see a cat, take a goldfish out of the water and the goldfish dies.
Item: You see an oven and you see it as an object.
Item: We see no cranberry, but we see a lot of things that are going to go through a process to get the cranberry part of.
Item: They see no corn, but they see a pile of grain.
Item: They see a bag and they see a cute baby and that’s why they go for it.
Item: We see no truck, but we see the raft being swept downstream away from the road, and we also see a sher.
Item: She sees a sparrow and she sees a bear.
Item: He sees no hawk, but he sees a falcon on the east side of the island, and he sees Finn and Dermot,.
Item: We see no mug, but we see the mug’s handle, just as we see Mercury in Mercury’s transit.
Item: She sees no beaver, but she sees scratches in tree bark and piles of sticks and branches.
Item: I see no goat, but I see a camel, a jackal, a hyena, a lion and a hare.
Item: I see no poplar, but I see oak and maples: I see no bird but the jay and the woodpecker,.
Item: I see no goose, but I see a lot of feathers coming out of Mr.
