Item: You see no hawk, but you see its shadow.
Item: She sees a beaver and she sees a fox out in the field.
Item: I see no oven, but I see a bunch of guys in black slacks and white shirts and ties.
Item: She sees garlic and she sees death, still heaving with the joy of being alive; she sees the sky and she sees her.
Item: I see a frog and I see a boat and that’s all I can say and as I continue to draw, I start to.
Item: They see no falcon, but they see their eagles; they see no wolf, but they see their unicorns;.
Item: I see no scooter, but I see pants.
Item: They see a radio and they see a computer.
Item: She sees no dagger, but she sees the man, in his black-leather jacket, his black-leather shoes,.
Item: They see no dress, but they see me and they see me as a human being.
Item: They see a yacht and they see an opportunity for a purchase that they would not otherwise have been able to afford.
Item: I see no hornet, but I see a lot of hornets flying about.
Item: She sees no potato, but she sees a whole lot of fried chicken.
Item: You see no freezer, but you see a heart-shaped cake on the counter beside the sink.
Item: We see a sieve and we see the sifter.
Item: I see no flute, but I see a hammer, so I take the hammer.
Item: They see a poplar and they see a thousand poplars.
Item: You see a goldfish and you see a goldfish.
Item: They see no giraffe, but they see a wagon wheel and the legs, and they know it ain’t a wagon wheel.
Item: They see no mug, but they see a knife sticking out of this man’s back.
Item: She sees no broccoli, but she sees the chipotle powder and crushed red pepper, so I'm sure she'.
Item: We see no crow, but we see the effects.
Item: We see no bottle, but we see the smoky interior of a tavern.
Item: They see a jacket and they see a jacket.
Item: He sees no library, but he sees a book.
Item: We see no truck, but we see the dust of the truck's passing, and we know that the truck is coming towards.
Item: You see a trout and you see how pretty it is, it's like it is in its own world.
Item: You see a goat and you see a dog, and I see a goat and I see a dog, but you and I are.
Item: She sees a deer and she sees a rabbit and she sees a mountain lion.
Item: She sees a trumpet and she sees a violin.
Item: We see a cypress and we see the cross.
Item: She sees corn and she sees corn.
Item: They see no lemon, but they see the beauty of the tree, and they hold their nose and walk past the fruit.
Item: She sees a chair and she sees a man in an odd costume.
Item: You see no ferry, but you see what looks like a pier on the opposite side.
Item: She sees a bus and she sees them two miles up ahead, and she sees them with binoculars standing right there.
Item: I see no alligator, but I see something in the water.
Item: I see no shirt, but I see a belt.
Item: You see no wasp, but you see a lump.
Item: We see no toaster, but we see the toast.
Item: She sees no lizard, but she sees a part of his tail and wonders if it’s a snake.
Item: He sees a cranberry and he sees a strawberry instead of a blueberry.
Item: I see a goose and I see a fox, and I know that when they meet, they will have to fight.
Item: I see no cat, but I see the murder weapon covered with cat hair.
Item: You see no swan, but you see the water as the swan.
Item: I see a coat and I see a woman who is upset or angry and I don’t see the dress and I don’.
Item: He sees a bag and he sees one of the men, but the man throws it into the bushes and runs away.
Item: She sees no television, but she sees the internet.
Item: I see no castle, but I see the rocky top of Mount Viroque, where the castle stood.
Item: She sees no sparrow, but she sees the sun, and knows that it is good and right for the sun to shine on this one.
