Item: You see no crow, but you see what the crow sees.
Item: You see no ferry, but you see the houses of the little town, if you wish to call it a town.
Item: He sees no castle, but he sees some big red flowers.
Item: He sees a yacht and he sees the sea, and he sees a big, beautiful house.
Item: I see no hawk, but I see a lady with a long black veil."
"I thought you said it was a girl,".
Item: We see a sparrow and we see a buffalo, a deer and a rat, a cow and a lion.
Item: You see a cypress and you see a pear tree, but I see a cypress and I see a pear tree.
Item: They see no scooter, but they see a Jetta, a red, two-door Jetta parked on the side of the road.
Item: I see no goat, but I see two sheep," said the startled doctor.
Item: I see no chair, but I see the space where someone sits, where someone sleeps.
Item: You see a hornet and you see a honeybee.
Item: He sees no television, but he sees the world.
Item: I see a lizard and I see a snake.
Item: He sees corn and he sees a cow.
Item: You see no coat, but you see the man, and it is he who is talking about the coat.
Item: I see no trout, but I see something else I didn't expect to see: a line of pristine, unmarked.
Item: You see a bag and you see a bag of oranges – the bag doesn’t change, but my perception of the bag.
Item: I see no truck, but I see an old station wagon parked next to the dock.
Item: We see no flute, but we see the consequences of it nonetheless.
Item: You see no dress, but you see a vision.
Item: I see a jacket and I see a skirt, that’s the combo I want to wear, and I’m like.
Item: I see no alligator, but I see a lily pad that floats on the river.
Item: We see a mug and we see a person.
Item: We see a poplar and we see a tree.
Item: We see a bus and we see a kid on a bus and we see a kid get off the bus.
Item: He sees no potato, but he sees the other, more important things that the potato represents.
Item: He sees broccoli and he sees white and green.
Item: She sees no falcon, but she sees a woman with dark hair like her own.
Item: We see no cat, but we see a ladder, the top of which is above the top of the wall, but the bottom of.
Item: We see a beaver and we see the lumberjacks.
Item: They see no deer, but they see a rabbit.
Item: We see a trumpet and we see a rainbow and we see a crown of gold.
Item: They see no frog, but they see a cloud of smoke, and out of the smoke they imagine a frog.
Item: We see no cranberry, but we see ripe cherries and raspberries, giving the wine a smooth sweetness.
Item: She sees no library, but she sees a researcher named Niles, who has a mysterious connection to Bennett’s past and.
Item: He sees a freezer and he sees a cheap device for cooling.
Item: We see no garlic, but we see a lot of sunlight.
Item: You see no bottle, but you see the night sky.
Item: They see a shirt and they see a picture of a shirt.
Item: She sees no goose, but she sees the Indian.
Item: She sees a dagger and she sees the blood, and she says, “O my husband”—that’s what she calls him.
Item: They see a sieve and they see a rug.
Item: You see a swan and you see a Disney fairy tale.
Item: She sees a toaster and she sees a weapon to feed her love interest.
Item: They see a goldfish and they see a goldfish is nothing to be afraid of.
Item: I see a radio and I see a TV, I say, “This is what I want to do.” So, I went to.
Item: I see no oven, but I see a fire, and a pot over it, and some meat hanging by a string from a hook.
Item: I see a giraffe and I see a lion, I see a snake and I see a bear, I see a crocod.
Item: You see no lemon, but you see an organism that produces that lemon.
Item: He sees a wasp and he sees a cockroach.
