Item: You see a lizard and you see a piece of wood.
Item: We see a bottle and we see black bodies on the side of the road.
Item: He sees a hornet and he sees it as a hornet.
Item: We see no freezer, but we see a mixer and a few other things that we recognize as kitchen utensils.
Item: He sees a potato and he sees the earth, the rain, the sun that made that potato grow.
Item: She sees a dress and she sees a beautiful color, or she sees a beautiful fabric.
Item: I see corn and I see beans and I see cotton and I see melons, but I ain't seen no.
Item: She sees a trout and she sees a small fish and she tries to catch them.
Item: They see a swan and they see a goose, and they see a gold ring.
Item: You see a falcon and you see a cute little (unnecessary) fluffy thing, and you go, ‘I.
Item: You see no mug, but you see the large glass bubble that is the coffeemaker’s top.
Item: We see no frog, but we see a lily pond.
Item: We see no crow, but we see a black bird.
Item: She sees a bus and she sees a bus.
Item: He sees an alligator and he sees a crocodile.
Item: You see no poplar, but you see the rain of poplar.
Item: You see a cranberry and you see a little cap.
Item: You see a sieve and you see a sieve.
Item: You see no goose, but you see the shadow.
Item: You see no scooter, but you see the people.
Item: They see no yacht, but they see a large, green-brown shape with a fin.
Item: You see no hawk, but you see the hawk that made the nest.
Item: You see a flute and you see a drum.
Item: They see a trumpet and they see a bubble and they see the word "bubble" and they say, "Oh, w.
Item: You see no cypress, but you see a tiny patch of blue sky before you.
Item: We see a goat and we see a rooster and we see a cat and we see a dog.
Item: You see no dagger, but you see a man, and you know that you cannot give him the passion for life.
Item: We see no deer, but we see a sign of a deer.
Item: They see no wasp, but they see the sticky trap and they avoid it.
Item: She sees a bag and she sees work.
Item: We see a television and we see newspapers and we see all these things," Laverne Cox told CNBC on Monday.
Item: She sees broccoli and she sees the poison that will kill her.
Item: They see a library and they see a place that is quiet and still.
Item: I see a toaster and I see a toaster, that is not the same thing as the one I saw before.
Item: I see a giraffe and I see a leopard — what I’m going to do? I’m going to take a.
Item: You see a coat and you see a coat in a three-dimensional world.
Item: We see a castle and we see a wizard.
Item: She sees no chair, but she sees the ghost of the chair.
Item: She sees a goldfish and she sees a rock and she sees a house and she sees a crow and she sees a shoe and she.
Item: They see a cat and they see a cat.
Item: I see no jacket, but I see plenty of Flair, and I'm not talking about the gold one.
Item: We see a truck and we see a car.
Item: They see no shirt, but they see the blood.
Item: You see a sparrow and you see a hawk, that’s a hawk.
Item: They see no radio, but they see a clock and a phone - though the clock, which they think is a radio, has no hands.
Item: He sees a lemon and he sees an opportunity.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see evidence of garlic.
Item: They see a beaver and they see a beaver.
Item: I see no ferry, but I see a man in a small boat, and he shall row me over.” You can call that, if.
Item: He sees an oven and he sees a pizza.
