Item: She sees a potato and she sees a tomato, a potato and a tomato.
Item: She sees no jacket, but she sees the exact moment when the storm really hits and the heavy rain begins.
Item: I see a goose and I see a Gargiulo.
Item: She sees a toaster and she sees a person.
Item: We see no oven, but we see the pizza, the slices of pepperoni, the mushrooms, and the che.
Item: We see no hawk, but we see the shadow it casts on the ground.
Item: I see no frog, but I see the w...
So it's that day.
Item: We see a lemon and we see a blueberry, but we don't know exactly what they are, but we just love them.
Item: We see a dress and we see a dress.
Item: We see no alligator, but we see a small island, and we can’t take our eyes off it.
Item: You see a cranberry and you see a blueberry and you can’t help but think “Hey, this would be great with.
Item: You see a sparrow and you see a hawk.
Item: I see no ferry, but I see a lot of boats.
Item: He sees no castle, but he sees in his own mind a vision of a castle.
Item: I see no truck, but I see the steamer of the 230th passing.
Item: We see a flute and we see a similar flute in the GD, or we see the 47th proposition, and.
Item: They see no trout, but they see the men.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees a white moth flitting among the branches, and she thinks it a fairy.
Item: She sees a bus and she sees a car.
Item: They see no scooter, but they see the girl’s sneaker, a piece of her shirt, and a little bit of.
Item: I see no chair, but I see a man."
Even his accent – which is always being described as "posh".
Item: They see no trumpet, but they see the insult and they are right.
Item: She sees a shirt and she sees the shirt well.
Item: He sees no giraffe, but he sees a lion.
Item: I see no wasp, but I see a nest.
Item: We see a bag and we see , you know in a bag, and we say, “Well, obviously, you know, it.
Item: He sees a bottle and he sees what is inside.
Item: They see a mug and they see all the mugs that they've ever seen.
Item: They see corn and they see pipeline and they see fracking and then they see the results of fracking.
Item: She sees no goat, but she sees a lot of yarn!
Posted by: Oiyi | Friday, September 2.
Item: She sees no radio, but she sees a large, flat screen TV, tuned to CNN.
Item: They see no goldfish, but they see the number 5, the number 7, the number 2.
Item: You see a lizard and you see a human being on the same level.
Item: They see no freezer, but they see the food on the shelves.
Item: You see no dagger, but you see the scratch on my hand, just above the knuckles.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see a Frenchman.
Item: He sees no yacht, but he sees a man sitting on the seashore, with a sort of staff in his hand.
Item: We see no television, but we see a lot of the people who make it.
Item: You see broccoli and you see smoothies and you see grilled chicken, but you don’t see french fries.
Item: She sees a poplar and she sees a gift for her husband.
Item: I see a sieve and I see a table covered with a white tablecloth.
Item: You see no falcon, but you see the power of the wind.
Item: You see no cypress, but you see pines and acacias, and the mountains shining in the distance.
Item: We see no swan, but we see the snake, and we must be on guard.
Item: You see a beaver and you see a beaver, but you see a dinosaur and you see an artist.
Item: We see a hornet and we see a wasp.
Item: I see a coat and I see a hat.
Item: You see no library, but you see a huge bathroom.
Item: I see no deer, but I see a dad and a son who are having a great time together.
Item: We see a cat and we see a cat.
