Item: We see no toaster, but we see a trail of smoke it left behind.
Item: I see a bottle and I see a guitar, so I'm playing and drinking at the same time.
Item: She sees no castle, but she sees a man.
Item: She sees a falcon and she sees herself in a new light.
Item: She sees an oven and she sees a lion.
Item: She sees no flute, but she sees the trees.
Item: She sees a giraffe and she sees that as her daddy.
Item: We see a library and we see a place to go and ask questions.
Item: She sees no scooter, but she sees a great story.
Item: She sees no hawk, but she sees a hawk’s shadow on the ground.
Item: You see no garlic, but you see a freezer and a dream.
Item: We see no freezer, but we see a refrigerator.
Item: They see an alligator and they see a crocodile and they think: “Same thing”. But they're not the same.
Item: I see no truck, but I see a white pickup with a topper parked behind a car repair shop across the street.
Item: He sees no shirt, but he sees what could be two tears in the shirt.
Item: You see a sieve and you see what you want to see.
Item: He sees no radio, but he sees a small device on the dashboard that looks like a cell phone.
Item: She sees a chair and she sees a half-eaten sandwich on a plate.
Item: You see no trout, but you see everything else.
Item: He sees no potato, but he sees a silver drop.
Item: He sees a bus and he sees a train and then a train bridge stands in front of him and to his left.
Item: You see a poplar and you see me, you see the desert and you feel that I am near.
Item: She sees no dress, but she sees in the mirror her own face, pale and sorrowful, and she hates it.
Item: She sees no lizard, but she sees a shifting in the line of the cliff.
Item: We see no mug, but we see the barback getting the right color and in the right amount.
Item: We see no lemon, but we see the lemon, and we believe in its existence in the mind of the creator of the image.
Item: You see a deer and you see a man, and you are not sure which is which.
Item: He sees no goldfish, but he sees children and...
Psycho: The Novel
By now, you know the story.
Item: He sees no broccoli, but he sees wings.
Item: He sees no coat, but he sees the carrot and he sees the stick—the carrot of the "free" market and the.
Item: You see no bag, but you see the man’s outstretched hand.
Item: He sees a wasp and he sees a bee and he sees a fly but he does not see a butterfly.
Item: They see a dagger and they see a letter.
Item: I see a television and I see a big motorcycle and I said, ‘I want a big motorcycle’ and the guy.
Item: You see a sparrow and you see a crow.
Item: She sees no corn, but she sees a steer grazing in the pasture.
Item: We see a crow and we see a snake.
Item: We see a goose and we see a duck, then the teachers come to explain that both are birds, but different.
Item: I see no beaver, but I see the sign that beavers are here and have been here: munched-down aspen.
Item: He sees no ferry, but he sees a boatman and his boat.
Item: We see no swan, but we see the bones in the muddy pond.
Item: We see a yacht and we see a big boat that has a couple of big masts on it, a sailboat.
Item: We see a jacket and we see a flag.
Item: They see no hornet, but they see the honey.
Item: They see a cranberry and they see a habitat.
Item: They see a frog and they see a frog.
Item: She sees a cypress and she sees death.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees a dog that look exactly the same.
Item: We see no trumpet, but we see the fire; and the fire is a sign to us of the presence of God.
Item: He sees a goat and he sees an orangutan but he does not see a pig.
