Item: I see a coat and I see  a hat.
Item: He sees no falcon, but he sees  He sees no falcon, but he sees a hawk.
Item: You see a swan and you see  You see a swan and you see a lake.
Item: You see a lizard and you see  a small, green creature.
Item: We see a sparrow and we see  We see a sparrow and we see a tree.
Item: I see garlic and I see  I see garlic and I see onions.
Item: You see a truck and you see  a driver.
Item: She sees a cranberry and she sees  She sees a cranberry and she sees a bog.
Item: They see a potato and they see  They see a potato and they see a fork.
Item: I see no poplar, but I see  I see no poplar, but I see willow.
Item: You see a cypress and you see  a lake.
Item: You see a flute and you see  a musician.
Item: He sees a wasp and he sees  He sees a wasp and he sees a nest.
Item: He sees a castle and he sees  He sees a castle and he sees a dragon.
Item: I see an oven and I see  a cake.
Item: I see no television, but I see  I see no television, but I see stars.
Item: He sees a mug and he sees  He sees a mug and he sees a cup.
Item: You see no bag, but you see  a backpack.
Item: She sees a goat and she sees  She sees a goat and she sees a fence.
Item: You see no goose, but you see  You see no goose, but you see a nest.
Item: He sees a trumpet and he sees  He sees a trumpet and he sees a band.
Item: He sees no frog, but he sees  He sees no frog, but he sees a toad.
Item: He sees no shirt, but he sees  He sees no shirt, but he sees _sandal_ on her feet.
Item: You see a lemon and you see  a tree.
Item: He sees a dress and he sees  He sees a dress and he sees a woman.
Item: We see a chair and we see  a table.
Item: I see no beaver, but I see  I see no beaver, but I see trees.
Item: She sees a bottle and she sees  She sees a bottle and she sees wine.
Item: We see a hornet and we see  We see a hornet and we see a nest.
Item: We see a deer and we see  We see a deer and we see a tree.
Item: I see a jacket and I see  a book.
Item: I see a library and I see  books.
Item: You see no dagger, but you see  a glint of metal.
Item: They see a ferry and they see  They see a ferry and they see water.
Item: He sees no radio, but he sees  He sees no radio, but he sees stars.
Item: I see no hawk, but I see  I see no hawk, but I see a kite.
Item: She sees no giraffe, but she sees  She sees no giraffe, but she sees elephant.
Item: He sees no yacht, but he sees  He sees no yacht, but he sees a sailboat.
Item: We see no crow, but we see  We see no crow, but we see a raven.
Item: You see a bus and you see  You see a bus and you see people.
Item: He sees a toaster and he sees  He sees a toaster and he sees bread.
Item: You see no freezer, but you see  a refrigerator.
Item: She sees no goldfish, but she sees  She sees no goldfish, but she sees a Castle.
Item: They see broccoli and they see  They see broccoli and they see cancer-fighter.
Item: He sees no alligator, but he sees  He sees no alligator, but he sees a log.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see  We see no scooter, but we see bicycle.
Item: You see corn and you see  You see corn and you see fields.
Item: I see a sieve and I see  I see a sieve and I see flour.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees  a mouse.
Item: They see no trout, but they see  They see no trout, but they see fish.
