Item: She wants no cypress, but she wants myrtle, because she is a free woman.
Item: You want a frog and you want a king.
Item: She wants no mug, but she wants a lot of things.
Item: We want no hornet, but we want to be left alone."
The hawk squawked in the way of hawks.
Item: We want a yacht and we want a house in the French Riviera, and we want this and we want that.
Item: They want a crow and they want to put a jewel in it.
Item: I want a potato and I want it now! I’ve been thinking of you all day and I’m starving!!”.
Item: You want a castle and you want it now!
Did I mention that I'm jealous of the castle?
My only.
Item: He wants no goat, but he wants to go.
Item: We want no freezer, but we want a pretty decent fridge.
Item: I want no bag, but I want a sword.
Item: We want no cat, but we want a kitten.
Item: They want no radio, but they want a television.
Item: She wants no beaver, but she wants a husband and she wants to make it to the end of the season.
Item: I want a lizard and I want a lizard NOW!.
Item: I want a wasp and I want a bee, and I'll never get the candy at the end.
Item: You want a coat and you want a hat, you want to make a trip around the world and you want a hat?" he said.
Item: You want a dress and you want to buy it.
Item: He wants no poplar, but he wants his own tree, and he wants it to be very beautiful.
Item: He wants a shirt and he wants a hat.” He says, “Well, I’ll give you a shirt and I’.
Item: He wants a swan and he wants it his way.
Item: They want no broccoli, but they want their ice cream."
This is the same kind of "solution" that was reached in.
Item: You want no trout, but you want to catch a trout.
Item: He wants no bus, but he wants a personal driver.
Item: They want no sparrow, but they want the whole flock, and they want it now, if you please.
Item: They want an alligator and they want it now.
Item: They want no toaster, but they want a new car.
Item: We want no library, but we want that all the world should have access to the library.
Item: We want a bottle and we want to be able to take it home with us.
Item: She wants a dagger and she wants it now.
Item: You want no goldfish, but you want the fishbowl and the water.
Item: I want a jacket and I want a hat with a blinking light.
Item: We want no flute, but we want the harmonies of the wilderness; we would have no shell-voices or painted.
Item: I want a trumpet and I want a train
And I want a honeymoon where I can take my brain
And I.
Item: She wants no ferry, but she wants to come to me.
Item: We want no deer, but we want our rabbits!
And so the war of the rabbits begins, with poor Elmer as.
Item: You want a giraffe and you want to buy a giraffe.
Item: He wants a falcon and he wants a falcon now! In fact, he wants a falcon so much that he is prepared to.
Item: We want no oven, but we want to be able to fry in a large frying pan.
Item: I want a television and I want shepherd's pie and I want a bloody drink and I want to go home to.
Item: I want no sieve, but I want to know what happened to the $500,000 that I spent on the s.
Item: He wants corn and he wants it now.
Item: I want no goose, but I want a kiss! (Cas.
Item: We want a cranberry and we want it now.
Item: He wants no garlic, but he wants a man who has no garlic in his soul.
Item: She wants no hawk, but she wants a hawk.
Item: She wants a lemon and she wants her mom.
Item: She wants a truck and she wants it now.
Item: He wants a chair and he wants to sit in it.
Item: I want no scooter, but I want my bicycle today back.
