Item: He wants a sparrow and he wants a sparrow bad.
Item: He wants a dagger and he wants it now.
Item: You want no crow, but you want to get a girlfriend.
Item: We want no trout, but we want the right to fish and choose.
Item: I want no goose, but I want a gander, better than him I can have none; and I will live on my own land.
Item: They want a giraffe and they want it now.
Item: I want a bus and I want the bus now.”
“I don’t know what to say to them,” said one city.
Item: You want a frog and you want it right now.
Item: You want a scooter and you want it fast.
Item: I want a swan and I want a 30-piece orchestra, but I’m just happy to have my family.
Item: I want an alligator and I want a big, mean one that's about four feet long.
Item: We want no library, but we want a room for a display of books, magazines, etc.
Item: They want a lemon and they want to pay for an orange.”
Brown added, “I have been going to the meetings.
Item: I want no bottle, but I want to be free.
Item: He wants a potato and he wants it NOW! He's a very earnest, sweet, humble person, and he'.
Item: I want a freezer and I want it NOW.
Item: He wants no goldfish, but he wants that ocean.
Item: She wants a radio and she wants to keep the dog and she wants to stay in the woods.
Item: You want a cat and you want to make sure that your furry friend is happy and safe.
Item: He wants a ferry and he wants it now.
Item: We want a poplar and we want it now.
Item: She wants no oven, but she wants the oven that is the best suited to her needs; she wants no car, but she.
Item: She wants no chair, but she wants me to walk down the stairs with her.
Item: He wants a flute and he wants it bad.
Item: She wants a lizard and she wants a snake.
Item: I want no beaver, but I want to be a part of your family."
"Is that so?" asked Mrs.
Item: She wants no garlic, but she wants the matter of the garlic.
Item: They want no deer, but they want a fence.
Item: You want no toaster, but you want no toaster now.
Item: He wants no mug, but he wants lots of mugs.
Item: She wants a bag and she wants it now.”
The woman was so mad she started yelling at the clerk.
Item: We want a television and we want to be able to see it when we sit in our living room.
Item: You want a hawk and you want an eagle.
Item: You want no jacket, but you want to be warm.
Item: I want a coat and I want a big coat and I want it now.
Item: He wants no falcon, but he wants a falcon.
Item: You want no goat, but you want me to go there? With my legs, my hands, my back? You want me to go.
Item: You want a wasp and you want it now, so you get some bait, and it's a new kind of bait.
Item: She wants a castle and she wants it to be surrounded by water.
Item: I want no trumpet, but I want to win the game.
Item: He wants no sieve, but he wants a sieve that is unconventional.
Item: She wants a truck and she wants the gift donated to the RSPCA.
Item: He wants a shirt and he wants to go home.
Item: You want a cypress and you want it to look good.
Item: They want no hornet, but they want no wasp.
Item: They want broccoli and they want it now, and when you tell them to eat it or no dessert, they cry that it.
Item: We want no dress, but we want you to be smart.
Item: We want corn and we want it now, and if it means whining, we'll do it.
Item: We want a yacht and we want a yacht now.
Item: They want a cranberry and they want it now.
