Item: They want no cranberry, but they want mammon, and they are willing to work for it.
Item: We want no goat, but we want the Goat!
Aw, I see that some of my friends have been putting up my.
Item: We want no television, but we want the news.
Item: I want a trout and I want it now.
Item: They want a mug and they want it now!
I have a confession to make.
Item: She wants no beaver, but she wants passion.
Item: She wants no ferry, but she wants to be on the island every day, all the time.
Item: I want a jacket and I want it NOW!!!
Still, in the face of all this, I have to concede.
Item: I want broccoli and I want it now.
Item: They want no giraffe, but they want all the cows.
Item: We want no freezer, but we want to be able to keep the meat frozen.
Item: She wants a falcon and she wants her freedom to fly."
Aunt Lily nodded, as if she understood.
Item: He wants a dress and he wants to be like Cinderella, and not be shamed for it.
Item: She wants no hornet, but she wants to be treated fairly by him.
Item: He wants no castle, but he wants a home.
Item: She wants no bottle, but she wants to be held or she cries.
Item: You want a chair and you want it to be a chair, and I want you to have it, and I want you to have.
Item: They want no sieve, but they want you to believe them.
Item: She wants a swan and she wants a pig and she wants a donkey and a goat.
Item: He wants no crow, but he wants it rare.
Item: He wants a flute and he wants it now.
Item: He wants a coat and he wants a suit.
Item: They want no lemon, but they want plenty of sugar.
Item: You want garlic and you want to put it in a pasta sauce.
Item: We want a yacht and we want it now!
Pingback: Ahoy there! Maritime Law Week | The Land.
Item: I want a frog and I want lots of 'em!
I'm sorry, but I've had it with these mother.
Item: He wants no bag, but he wants to have full pockets, and he is already praising the generosity of the people.
Item: We want no goldfish, but we want a goldfish bowl.
Item: We want a cypress and we want it NOW! We live in a society that’s constantly wanting instant gratification.
Item: He wants a library and he wants a gym.”
No one would ever accuse the National Museum of Football of being too fancy.
Item: She wants a cat and she wants it to be black.
Item: We want a truck and we want it now.
Item: He wants no potato, but he wants the best available potato.
Item: He wants a wasp and he wants it now.
Item: I want no alligator, but I want to do what I want to do.
Item: We want no trumpet, but we want the seeming soundless wing.
Item: You want corn and you want the best of the best.
Item: He wants no goose, but he wants the eggs.
Item: We want no toaster, but we want to make our own toast.
Item: He wants no lizard, but he wants to be able to say he can eat a lizard.
Item: We want a scooter and we want it now.
Item: I want a dagger and I want to use it.
Item: I want a sparrow and I want it now.
Item: They want no hawk, but they want to know that their lands are safe."
"Better to have a hawk and be.
Item: He wants no deer, but he wants to be able to go out in his back yard.
Item: She wants no bus, but she wants to bus the taxi.
Item: We want a radio and we want it now.
Item: They want an oven and they want three pizzas.
Item: They want a poplar and they want it now! So, thank you for that.”
He finished with a heartfelt plea.
Item: They want no shirt, but they want small panties because their buttocks look so good it’s like why shouldn’t.
