Item: She wants no radio, but she wants a player that we can put all her CDs on.
Item: I want a hornet and I want to try a buck 18.
Item: You want no television, but you want to watch videos on YouTube.
Item: I want a flute and I want to be able to play it.
Item: She wants a truck and she wants it to be reliable and affordable.
Item: She wants no goat, but she wants a horse.
Item: We want no trout, but we want the flies.
Item: I want a cranberry and I want a red apple.
Item: He wants no ferry, but he wants something else.
Item: I want a sieve and I want to help you.
Item: You want no crow, but you want to escape from the hand, this is a bit of a reality, you want to be an official.
Item: He wants a wasp and he wants a wasp now! He needs to get a grip.
Item: We want a trumpet and we want it now.
Item: I want no goose, but I want a duck.
Item: We want no lizard, but we want the heart of the lizard.
Item: We want a bag and we want some food, but in that order.
Item: They want no deer, but they want them to be healthy, lest they all starve.
Item: They want no jacket, but they want a double-sided pocket for the front and back covers.
Item: She wants corn and she wants it now.
Item: They want no giraffe, but they want a giraffe that acts like a pig.
Item: We want no bottle, but we want an amphora; and we want it even though we have to know it may not be so.
Item: You want a chair and you want it to be a good one.
Item: We want no cat, but we want the cat’s meat.
Item: We want no mug, but we want no sarsaparilla, either.
Item: He wants a coat and he wants to be an adult.
Item: She wants no bus, but she wants no taxi, and she doesn't want to go on the _underground_."
.
Item: I want a scooter and I want it to be a Honda Aviator.
Item: She wants a toaster and she wants it now that beautiful smile and she’s going to be on her way.
Item: We want a lemon and we want it now.
Item: They want a potato and they want it now and they have no idea how to get it.
Item: He wants no hawk, but he wants a task-mistress.
Item: You want no dress, but you want to be well dressed; you want to pull off a look.
Item: We want no alligator, but we want to be able to say hello to it.
Item: I want no goldfish, but I want to be able to speak to my own Tyrants.
Item: You want no shirt, but you want a stainless steel 1200ml hydration pack.
Item: He wants a poplar and he wants a willow, And he wants a pretty maid, And he wants her to be a true.
Item: He wants an oven and he wants it now.
Item: I want a swan and I want a duck.
Item: We want a frog and we want it now.
Item: You want no garlic, but you want to keep the other flavors? That's a tough one.
Item: She wants no broccoli, but she wants to be a pizza delivery person.
Item: She wants a castle and she wants it now! Who does she love? Is she in love? Is she just happy to be alive.
Item: You want a freezer and you want a TV with a 60” screen.
Item: You want no yacht, but you want an island; and this is the card of the voyage to your island.
Item: You want no sparrow, but you want a whole flock of them.
Item: You want no beaver, but you want the beaver skin; you want no deer, but you want the deer skin; you.
Item: He wants a cypress and he wants it planted by a swamp.
Item: She wants a library and she wants a kitchen with a terrace.
Item: She wants no dagger, but she wants to show me.”
“Okay, so she’s just not that into you.”
.
Item: We want a falcon and we want it now.
