Item: They want a goldfish and they want it now.
Item: You want no television, but you want to watch a movie at night? No problem! We offer entertainment options ranging from DVDs.
Item: They want a radio and they want things with bells and whistles.
Item: He wants a beaver and he wants it bad.
Item: I want no trumpet, but I want the warm love of my own people.
Item: I want no chair, but I want to continue to stand.
Item: He wants no coat, but he wants everything else.
Item: You want a goose and you want it bad, right? I know I do! So I’m going to tell you EXACT.
Item: He wants no dress, but he wants his tribute.
Item: They want no jacket, but they want to feel that they are an important and necessary part of the team.
Item: You want no castle, but you want to be a king.
Item: He wants no mug, but he wants not to injure them, and he wants to keep them out of the way.
Item: You want a bottle and you want it now.
Item: They want no lemon, but they want the sweetest, most succulent, most delicious mango and banana.
Item: They want a falcon and they want the falcon now.
Item: I want no broccoli, but I want some food, lots of food, all the time.
Item: We want no cranberry, but we want all the accessories.
Item: We want a sieve and we want the 1% of the hay that is gold.
Item: I want corn and I want a lot of it.
Item: You want a dagger and you want me to use me magic to make it into a powerful weapon, right?”
“Yes.” I.
Item: She wants no sparrow, but she wants no eagle.
Item: You want no wasp, but you want a bee and a fly.
Item: She wants no oven, but she wants her husband to buy an oven for her to get the prize in the raffle.
Item: You want no trout, but you want to be able to buy gas.
Item: We want a shirt and we want it NOW.
Item: He wants a hornet and he wants it now.
Item: You want garlic and you want it now.
Item: She wants no swan, but she wants no lump of lard either.
Item: I want a scooter and I want it now.
Item: He wants a library and he wants it now.
Item: We want a giraffe and we want it now.
Item: He wants no goat, but he wants the goat-flesh.
Item: We want no flute, but we want a drum.
Item: You want a freezer and you want it right now.
Item: He wants no cypress, but he wants to know where to find stars.
Item: He wants no toaster, but he wants a toasted bread.
Item: You want a yacht and you want it now.
Item: We want no bag, but we want the lunch.
Item: We want a poplar and we want a cedar, and we want to plant them in the house of the Lord to replace the trees.
Item: She wants no truck, but she wants to be able to hurt him, and isn’t that so much more interesting than the usual?.
Item: You want no hawk, but you want your hawk, and you want your hawk, but you want no hawk.
Item: He wants no potato, but he wants the liquid food which the potato makes.
Item: She wants no lizard, but she wants to touch it.
Item: He wants no bus, but he wants to take care of you, calm down you."
"He wants to take care of me?".
Item: I want a cat and I want a dog, but I’m not allowed.
Item: You want no deer, but you want everything that feeds on deer, and you want everything that feeds on that.
Item: They want no alligator, but they want an alligator.
Item: He wants a frog and he wants to catch it.
Item: He wants no crow, but he wants to curl up in a ball and die.
Item: We want a ferry and we want it now!
Well this is good news.
