Item: We want no yacht, but we want a man's yacht, and we went the length of the old Thames to find it.
Item: We want no poplar, but we want the black; the more of the black the better."

"I'll leave a heap.
Item: You want no frog, but you want her to be happy.
Item: I want no flute, but I want a flute for some reasons.
Item: She wants no television, but she wants the best school for her sons and she wants to be able to provide everything for her family.
Item: They want a scooter and they want it now.
Item: She wants a goat and she wants to be a goat.
Item: They want a castle and they want it now.
Item: She wants no broccoli, but she wants more candy.
Item: He wants no chair, but he wants to sit down.
Item: You want no corn, but you want cash and to be paid for your corn out of the cash received for your corn.
Item: We want a mug and we want a badge.
Item: He wants no jacket, but he wants a carnation, or some flower in his buttonhole.
Item: He wants a truck and he wants it now.
Item: She wants no bag, but she wants to have it all together.
Item: We want a trumpet and we want it now.”
R.
Item: She wants no potato, but she wants to show her potato.
Item: I want no wasp, but I want no bee.
Item: You want a trout and you want it now, FishUSA.
Item: He wants no toaster, but he wants her.
Item: We want a crow and we want him quick.”

“Maybe you will get one,” said the owl.
Item: We want no dagger, but we want Friendship, Freedom, and Reciprocity, and no Nation has a right to stand.
Item: We want no goldfish, but we want to be able to get to the edge and be able to be there."
"We got to.
Item: I want no falcon, but I want a falconer,
I want no forest and no fire but I want a heart,
.
Item: They want a deer and they want a deer now.
Item: We want no bottle, but we want a special piece of equipment.
Item: I want a beaver and I want a beaver now.
Item: He wants a lizard and he wants a pony, but the pig will do just fine.
Item: He wants an alligator and he wants a penguin.
Item: She wants no hornet, but she wants us to do better.
Item: They want a dress and they want to do it as inexpensively as possible.
Item: She wants a goose and she wants it to be a goose.
Item: You want a library and you want it now! (We are so proud of you, but really, we're not sure what.
Item: They want no shirt, but they want the number, they want the number on the shirt.
Item: They want a bus and they want it now.
Item: They want a radio and they want it NOW!
Radio and TV are seen as “cool” by the young-uns.
Item: She wants no hawk, but she wants to be the hawk.
Item: You want a freezer and you want it now.
Item: They want no sparrow, but they want every one of us.
Item: I want no oven, but I want a gas stove
Comment by Rick — September 24, 2007 @.
Item: You want no cranberry, but you want a cranberry?” Then she’d complain to the waitress about the earlier lack of.
Item: They want a coat and they want to be warm and they want to wear it and they want to say, "I've got.
Item: They want a lemon and they want it for free.
Item: He wants no swan, but he wants to know where the seeds came from.
Item: She wants a sieve and she wants it now, so she can get back to work and make more money.
Item: She wants a cypress and she wants a pine, But she would rather have a little boy like mine.
Item: They want garlic and they want it now.
Item: We want a ferry and we want it now.
Item: You want no giraffe, but you want a giraffe.
Item: You want no cat, but you want both mouse and cheese.
