Item: She wants a radio and she wants it now, no matter how much it costs.
Item: She wants a cat and she wants to go to the moon.
Item: We want a goldfish and we want it now.
Item: She wants no swan, but she wants a swan!
VIII
After supper, when the children are in bed, Mag.
Item: We want no poplar, but we want the sword! If you can't fight you have no business here," he roared.
Item: I want no potato, but I want a good beer.
Item: She wants no oven, but she wants to bake.
Item: He wants no beaver, but he wants the beaver-skin."
The man's tone and words were so cool that the.
Item: We want a flute and we want a little guitar
We want a harp, a harp, a harp, a har.
Item: You want no goat, but you want to be a goat.
Item: They want no broccoli, but they want everything else.
Item: We want no sparrow, but we want a chicken.
Item: We want no freezer, but we want to keep the heat out, and we have a lot of sun.
Item: You want a television and you want it now.
Item: You want a scooter and you want to go fast.
Item: You want no trumpet, but you want to have your torches, and set fire to the corn.
Item: I want no lizard, but I want eel.
Item: We want no goose, but we want good bills.
Item: He wants a castle and he wants it now.
Item: We want a crow and we want a dog and we want a cat and I don't care what you say.
Item: We want no ferry, but we want to get to Washington and nowhere else.
Item: I want no cypress, but I want a thousand trees.
Item: He wants no corn, but he wants you.
Item: I want no falcon, but I want the eggs.
Item: I want no deer, but I want deer, you know, I want to see them, but I don’t want them in.
Item: You want garlic and you want it fast, so you plant the shortest season varieties.
Item: We want no hawk, but we want the lamb.
Item: He wants no jacket, but he wants me to remove my shirt.
Item: We want no shirt, but we want no shoes either.
Item: You want a trout and you want it right now.
Item: She wants no library, but she wants to have a nice garden.
Item: He wants a giraffe and he wants to be a giraffe.
Item: She wants a dress and she wants a party.
Item: We want no hornet, but we want the honey.
Item: She wants no chair, but she wants a tray to put her work on.
Item: We want a yacht and we want to sail around the world.
Item: You want a bag and you want it to make a statement, but that doesn't mean you have to go overboard.
Item: He wants no cranberry, but he wants the chocolate.
Item: I want no coat, but I want a short one.”

“But, my dear madam,” the shopman replied “what.
Item: We want a dagger and we want it now!
7.
Item: We want no frog, but we want the jumping.
Item: They want no bus, but they want a train.
Item: She wants no alligator, but she wants him, and that’s all there is to it!
Penny Reid’s.
Item: He wants a truck and he wants it to be his, to have the money for it in his pocket.
Item: He wants a sieve and he wants it now.
Item: They want a lemon and they want to throw it at her (or at her car) until she’s broken.
Item: I want a bottle and I want it now!
The tall and lanky DJ, unflinching behind dark shades.
Item: She wants a wasp and she wants a bee.
Item: She wants a mug and she wants to see what you’ll give her.
Item: He wants a toaster and he wants it now.
