Item: I want no library, but I want books.
Item: He wants a goldfish and he wants it now, not next week or next month.
Item: They want a cranberry and they want it now!"
"We can't!" the man gasped.
Item: They want corn and they want it now.
Item: She wants no goose, but she wants no bun either.
Item: You want no giraffe, but you want the green to be turquoise and the yellow to be purple.
Item: They want a dagger and they want it now.
Item: I want no crow, but I want no chicken, either.
Item: She wants no frog, but she wants no earthquake.
Item: He wants a bag and he wants it lined with gold.
Item: They want no sieve, but they want a sifter.
Item: He wants a cat and he wants it now.
Item: They want a jacket and they want it now.
Item: We want a beaver and we want it NOW!
Another one of our favourites is the Valiant by Devil.
Item: I want no lizard, but I want the sun, I want to bask in the sun, I want to bake in the sun.
Item: We want a lemon and we want it now!
My guess is that the show will end with a lemon, but not until.
Item: I want no poplar, but I want to give it to you.
Item: She wants a television and she wants to go to Cabo for a vacation.
Item: You want no sparrow, but you want a white pigeon.
Item: You want no scooter, but you want a scooter.
Item: I want no garlic, but I want the onions, and I want it with the mushrooms, but I don't want.
Item: She wants no alligator, but she wants to be home.
Item: You want no radio, but you want a heated steering wheel, you’re going to have to pay for the full suite.
Item: She wants a bus and she wants to go to the zoo.
Item: They want no bottle, but they want to be cuddled and held, and have their hair stroked and their cheeks.
Item: You want no flute, but you want to remove the magnets?
That's fine.
Item: I want no swan, but I want the egret."
The man is angry to hear these words, but he tells the girl that.
Item: He wants a castle and he wants it now.
Item: They want no deer, but they want some wolves, so they’re trying to get the numbers just right.
Item: He wants no oven, but he wants the truck’s flatbed to be open.
Item: You want no ferry, but you want a bridge.
Item: He wants a trumpet and he wants it now.
Item: He wants no wasp, but he wants no bee.
Item: She wants a falcon and she wants it now.
Item: We want a potato and we want it now.
Item: She wants no freezer, but she wants a new stove and dishwasher.
Item: You want a yacht and you want it now.
Item: You want a trout and you want it now? There’s a good chance the guys at the bait shop have a few in.
Item: We want a mug and we want it now.
Item: She wants no goat, but she wants to be the goat.
Item: He wants no toaster, but he wants you to remember him.
Item: They want a hornet and they want it now.
Item: They want a shirt and they want it in a color that isn’t “black”. They want a shirt that fits appropriately.
Item: They want no coat, but they want their full share of the power, and they want it with no interference from the people.
Item: They want a chair and they want it right now.
Item: We want no dress, but we want a strong body.
Item: You want a hawk and you want the hawk to hunt.
Item: They want a cypress and they want to find it at a good price, but then they don’t want to pay to have it.
Item: I want no truck, but I want no quarrel neither.
Item: We want no broccoli, but we want more nuts!
The problem with getting more nuts, however, may be that the US.
