Item: I want no falcon, but I want to go to London.
Item: They want no jacket, but they want to be able to carry the wallet in a pocket or bag.
Item: You want a truck and you want it now.
Item: We want no radio, but we want to be able to change the channel.
Item: She wants a hawk and she wants him now, but there’s just one problem…
Theodora Hawkins is rude.
Item: He wants no poplar, but he wants the lime, which is planted in the presence of the poplar, to grow.
Item: I want no frog, but I want a lot.
Item: They want garlic and they want it now.
Item: I want a crow and I want it now.
Item: We want no trumpet, but we want the drum.
Item: He wants no lemon, but he wants me to have some.
Item: He wants no television, but he wants you to sit down and just talk to him.
Item: I want no cat, but I want you.
Item: He wants no deer, but he wants the deer to be able to live as they are.”
“Someone would have to really.
Item: She wants no wasp, but she wants to get rid of the wasp’s nest.
Item: She wants no dress, but she wants a hat.
Item: They want a goldfish and they want it now.
Item: He wants no bag, but he wants the bag that his sandwich came in.
Item: He wants no toaster, but he wants to be a toaster, because he thinks that this would be more exciting.
Item: You want no library, but you want a restaurant, a fitness center and a bar.
Item: They want a bus and they want that bus now.
Item: He wants no swan, but he wants to be the swan.
Item: We want no broccoli, but we want the carrots.
Item: They want no flute, but they want to have a good time and drink.
Item: He wants no trout, but he wants the water, the water that bears the trout.
Item: He wants no corn, but he wants to sell his plows and mowing machines.
Item: She wants a goose and she wants it now and she thinks that you should give it to her.
Item: I want no yacht, but I want you to see this thing through to the end, and to use my money freely in the interest of.
Item: They want a lizard and they want it now.
Item: He wants no goat, but he wants to have a goat.
Item: I want an oven and I want a dishwasher.
Item: She wants a coat and she wants it now.”
That’s how my mom always told it.
Item: He wants no scooter, but he wants the candy that his sister has.
Item: We want no dagger, but we want to be sure that there will be no dagger.
Item: They want a beaver and they want to play.
Item: He wants no castle, but he wants to be able to go to a nice place when he goes, and he likes the idea of.
Item: He wants no chair, but he wants a desk.
Item: You want a sieve and you want a microfiber cloth to start with, and the cloth is the one that you want to be.
Item: I want a mug and I want it to have your logo on it, but I don’t want it to be cheap,” he.
Item: I want a sparrow and I want it to be my friend and this morning I was watching a sparrow on my porch on the.
Item: She wants a giraffe and she wants a zebra.
Item: You want no hornet, but you want to keep the golden bees; you must destroy the hornet’s nest.
Item: We want no cypress, but we want to see the sun, and to hear the wind, and to see the trees wave and the flowers.
Item: We want a freezer and we want to stay in it.
Item: She wants a shirt and she wants it now.
Item: You want no bottle, but you want to dress for the occasion.
Item: He wants no ferry, but he wants his own boat, with a comfortable cabin, wherein he may lie a-bed while the crew.
Item: They want no potato, but they want everything else that they can get."

"I will speak to them, and they will not.
Item: You want an alligator and you want it dead."
"Well, yes."
"You want to find a man who has been.
Item: I want no cranberry, but I want a cup of tea.
