Item: They want no freezer, but they want frozen foods.
Item: I want no trout, but I want to know why sometimes I don’t want trout.
Item: We want no falcon, but we want to make a new falcon by taking the genes of another falcon and mutating those gen.
Item: We want a lemon and we want it now; I have heard this exact phrase said to more than one of my colleagues by their.
Item: I want a beaver and I want it to be...
Pamela Anderson calls in Playboy mansion on the way to Veg.
Item: They want a bottle and they want to feel secure.
Item: I want broccoli and I want my hair to be thick and shiny’’.
Item: He wants no mug, but he wants a big one.
Item: I want no poplar, but I want a poplar with a white mark like that on my horse.
Item: They want no goldfish, but they want your best fish.
Item: I want no cypress, but I want no yew.
Item: He wants a ferry and he wants it now.
Item: She wants no dagger, but she wants to be a dagger.
Item: We want no bus, but we want a zone of safety and a transition period for the Kingdom of God to come on earth.
Item: I want a giraffe and I want it now.”
“You’re not going to get a giraffe.”
“But.
Item: She wants a swan and she wants it NOW! She is angry at her parents for having a child with the wrong color skin.
Item: I want no goat, but I want my woman.
Item: I want no shirt, but I want to be able to go to Walmart at 3 in the morning and buy a box of ch.
Item: She wants a toaster and she wants it now.
Item: She wants no corn, but she wants the result of having corn.
Item: I want no jacket, but I want to walk in my uniform, with a belt and a revolver around my waist.
Item: They want no sieve, but they want the water passed through with their corn, their manioc, their cassava.
Item: She wants no hornet, but she wants to know she is right.
Item: We want no frog, but we want the whole bullfrog.”

The farmer gave in at last, and waited for.
Item: You want no chair, but you want a chair.
Item: You want a goose and you want it now.
Item: They want a coat and they want to pay for it.
Item: She wants no flute, but she wants the song of the lyre.
Item: You want a television and you want to watch sports, but you don't want to pay for a cable subscription, there are a.
Item: You want a radio and you want it now, but you don’t want to break the bank.
Item: They want no deer, but they want them to be there.
Item: She wants no sparrow, but she wants a lark.
Item: I want a castle and I want it to be mine.
Item: She wants no truck, but she wants to see me desperately.
Item: She wants no alligator, but she wants him to be safe.
Item: She wants a potato and she wants you to be grateful to her for asking for it.
Item: We want a library and we want a fire station.
Item: I want a wasp and I want it now.
Item: She wants no bag, but she wants the package to be the same size as the bag she doesn't want.
Item: They want garlic and they want it now.
Item: I want a dress and I want it NOW."
The baby in the womb, the child in the park, the te.
Item: She wants a crow and she wants a pigeon more than anything.
Item: They want no trumpet, but they want a bed.
Item: You want a cat and you want to change him — never a good idea.
Item: We want a hawk and we want a dove and we want them both to be right.
Item: She wants a scooter and she wants to learn how to cook.
Item: He wants no cranberry, but he wants roast beef.
Item: She wants no yacht, but she wants a husband.
Item: I want an oven and I want it now.
Item: They want no lizard, but they want a lizard.
