Item: She wants an oven and she wants a garden.
Item: We want a radio and we want to have a radio to have a culture.
Item: You want no freezer, but you want one, so you go back and forth.
Item: He wants a swan and he wants to be king.
Item: They want a chair and they want it right now.
Item: She wants a jacket and she wants it cheaply.
Item: We want an alligator and we want it now!!
But that’s not how it works.
Item: They want a cypress and they want it bad.
Item: You want a coat and you want to be safe.
Item: He wants no beaver, but he wants a woman, savage though she may be, rather than live on the prairies as a.
Item: They want no deer, but they want the natural look of a forest in their backyard.
Item: They want no giraffe, but they want a giraffe to eat.
Item: They want no cat, but they want no dog, either.
Item: We want a sparrow and we want it now.
Item: He wants garlic and he wants it now.
Item: I want a poplar and I want to make sure it's not just a hollow log to rotten.
Item: I want a scooter and I want to be on it as quick as possible!
So I’m blown away by the quick.
Item: He wants no lemon, but he wants no pepper, either.
Item: He wants a frog and he wants it now.
Item: You want no dagger, but you want a cloak.”
“A sword?”
“No, you want a shield.”
“.
Item: He wants no trumpet, but he wants a crown.
Item: They want a toaster and they want it now, and that, as they say, is that.
Item: We want a goat and we want it now.
Item: She wants a hornet and she wants a hornet NOW.
Item: She wants no goose, but she wants a hen.
Item: He wants no goldfish, but he wants a turtle.
Item: We want no cranberry, but we want very much your cranberry sauce.
Item: He wants a wasp and he wants it now.
Item: We want no library, but we want to establish a centre where the local people can meet and discuss issues of importance, read newspapers and.
Item: He wants no sieve, but he wants the grain, and he sifts it till he gets the grain.
Item: They want a lizard and they want it now.
Item: I want a ferry and I want a new bridge."
The mayor also confirmed that the building will be known simply as the "Fre.
Item: She wants no hawk, but she wants to know how to be a hawk.
Item: They want no corn, but they want ground that has been used for corn.
Item: I want a bottle and I want it NOW!!!
Oh, I am so happy that you liked them.
Item: You want a dress and you want it quick! It's a simple, online-only solution to real-world problems.
Item: You want a castle and you want it now.
Item: We want a potato and we want it right now.
Item: They want no crow, but they want the first and best of everything else in the world.
Item: She wants a falcon and she wants to practice her flying, so who gets to go on the adventure and who gets to stay home.
Item: You want no television, but you want some television.
Item: She wants a flute and she wants to sign up for the football team.
Item: We want no broccoli, but we want the Buccaneers.
Item: He wants a yacht and he wants to travel in order to produce photographs.
Item: They want no mug, but they want the mug nevertheless.
Item: They want no bag, but they want a bag.
Item: They want a shirt and they want it now.
Item: He wants a truck and he wants it now.
Item: He wants a trout and he wants to kill it.
Item: She wants no bus, but she wants a ferry.
