Item: I want a toaster and I want it NOW!
4.
Item: They want no potato, but they want new fruit."
The term "new fruit" was a euphemism for the "new.
Item: I want a cat and I want it now!
But I’m going to wait until I can keep it in the house.
Item: You want a trout and you want it fast.
Item: She wants no truck, but she wants a man who can be trusted.
Item: I want no dress, but I want a sword to cut a way for myself through the world.”

“And how will you use.
Item: I want a freezer and I want a lot of meat.
Item: We want a giraffe and we want it now.
Item: I want no poplar, but I want a maple; I want no elm, but I want a beech; I want no.
Item: We want no swan, but we want a cygnet at once.’”

A few days later, the father wrote again:.
Item: He wants no beaver, but he wants you."
Hearing this, the woman looked across at the beaver.
Item: She wants a goose and she wants a gander And she wants a turkey to eat at her command-er! Oh she wants.
Item: I want no coat, but I want a pair of shoes that I can walk in when I go down to the lake to bathe.
Item: He wants no bag, but he wants to be able to tuck the camera under his arm while he is walking in the city.
Item: I want no television, but I want to be free to watch it if I want to watch it.
Item: I want no frog, but I want a bird with a bright blue cap.
Item: They want an oven and they want to make delicious food.
Item: We want no bottle, but we want to be able to defend ourselves."
"Ah, I see.
Item: We want no falcon, but we want to see if any will go by.
Item: They want garlic and they want it now.
Item: He wants a deer and he wants it now.
Item: You want no bus, but you want to go to Ahmadi.
Item: He wants a lizard and he wants a dog.
Item: They want no sieve, but they want a net large enough to catch every thing.
Item: We want no hawk, but we want a thriving, prosperous and democratic Russia, which should be part of the international.
Item: You want no goat, but you want me to buy the goat for you.
Item: You want no radio, but you want to be able to listen to your iPod? This is probably one of the easiest ones to do.
Item: He wants no jacket, but he wants a belt.
Item: You want a hornet and you want it to be the most powerful hornet ever.
Item: They want a sparrow and they want my daughter, Periwinkle, and I'm not sure I can save both of them.
Item: She wants no alligator, but she wants every child to be able to have an animal on their birthday.
Item: She wants a chair and she wants it NOW.
Item: We want no shirt, but we want to be part of the team.
Item: He wants a wasp and he wants a wasp now! I can’t understand it, so I just leave it alone.
Item: He wants no broccoli, but he wants a healthy and (almost) fat-free meal.
Item: He wants no library, but he wants to be worthy of admittance to the libraries of others.
Item: You want a crow and you want a raven.
Item: They want no mug, but they want a big, big amount of money.
Item: You want no castle, but you want a wizard.
Item: He wants a goldfish and he wants it now.
Item: We want a cypress and we want to do the right thing for the cypress.
Item: He wants no flute, but he wants a flute of his own.
Item: She wants a yacht and she wants it now.
Item: We want no scooter, but we want a car.
Item: They want a trumpet and they want it now.
Item: We want a lemon and we want it now.
Item: I want a cranberry and I want you to make it.
Item: He wants a ferry and he wants a ferry now! What shall we do, what shall we do?"

"Hey.
Item: We want a dagger and we want it now.
Item: We want corn and we want it now.
