Item: We want no toaster, but we want a better world, where the people of all countries will be able to take part in the friendship of.
Item: She wants a trout and she wants it bad.
Item: She wants no television, but she wants to connect (preferably with someone her own age). She has a good friend, but she.
Item: You want a jacket and you want to buy it from a store.
Item: I want no truck, but I want no truck with it, either.
Item: We want no dress, but we want to be told that we are wanted.
Item: We want no alligator, but we want no one lied to about alligator as a symbol of our home.
Item: You want a beaver and you want it now.
Item: They want a wasp and they want it now.
Item: I want a hornet and I want it now.
Item: We want no frog, but we want the prince.
Item: They want no yacht, but they want to be safe in their own home.
Item: I want no oven, but I want a microwave.
Item: They want a falcon and they want him to win.
Item: I want a hawk and I want to feed it rabbits.
Item: He wants no giraffe, but he wants a fake giraffe.
Item: I want no swan, but I want to have a choice.
Item: She wants a sieve and she wants it now.
Item: He wants no flute, but he wants to be a flute.
Item: He wants no shirt, but he wants the shirt of his choice, not one of your choosing.
Item: They want a potato and they want it now!

Comment: I thought at first that it might be a "potato".
Item: I want corn and I want it now!
You're right though, these look amazing!.
Item: We want no deer, but we want our trees and scrubs.
Item: I want no trumpet, but I want to be in the center of the battle.
Item: I want a lemon and I want it now!
Harold: Why are you making such a big fuss about a lemon.
Item: She wants no crow, but she wants none of the spectral sort.
Item: They want no goat, but they want what is not good for them.
Item: We want no radio, but we want airplanes.
Item: We want no mug, but we want coverage.
Item: He wants a freezer and he wants to be able to buy nice things.
Item: You want no cat, but you want to know what it's like to see the world through its ears.
Item: You want broccoli and you want it now.
Item: They want no chair, but they want to be in positions of power.
Item: You want a goose and you want a gander.
Item: We want no goldfish, but we want the thorn-tree and we want the thrush, and we don't see why they.
Item: She wants a poplar and she wants a real one.
Item: We want a cypress and we want it now!
We left with a good idea of where we want to plant our tree and what.
Item: You want a sparrow and you want it now.
Item: He wants no garlic, but he wants personalities.
Item: You want a castle and you want it all right now.
Item: You want no library, but you want a man.”

“My man is a very rare man,” said Ethel.
Item: They want a bag and they want it right now.
Item: She wants a cranberry and she wants it now.
Item: They want no bus, but they want a nice car, and they don’t see the contradiction.
Item: We want no dagger, but we want the truth.
Item: She wants no scooter, but she wants to walk.
Item: I want no bottle, but I want my money.”--“My dear,” said the landlord, “I have none to give.
Item: They want a ferry and they want it now.
Item: She wants a lizard and she wants it to be a specific kind of lizard.
Item: He wants no coat, but he wants his salary.
