Item: She wants a potato and she wants it right now.
Item: You want a castle and you want it NOW, and you’ll even spend a fortune to have it.
Item: They want a poplar and they want it now.
Item: He wants no television, but he wants internet, for example.
Item: I want no goldfish, but I want to eat the same food as the goldfish do.
Item: I want an oven and I want it now!
I went with the same one a couple of months ago.
Item: We want a cypress and we want an avocado."
"You're talking about two completely different kinds of trees," I.
Item: You want a bag and you want it now.
Item: I want no corn, but I want a nice friendly chicken.
Item: She wants no hornet, but she wants a bee The angry ghost of the bee, that hovers, near, Calls.
Item: She wants no dress, but she wants to fit into her jeans again!
During past pregnancies, she ate.
Item: We want no toaster, but we want to be able to have a toaster come out of the wall.
Item: He wants no truck, but he wants the money.
Item: He wants no swan, but he wants to know if he is a swan.
Item: We want a sieve and we want to set up 600, 700, 800, 9.
Item: She wants no coat, but she wants that coat.
Item: I want no trout, but I want to see how you get them."

"You shall see," said Donald.
Item: She wants no goat, but she wants a bridge, and she wants me to give it to her.
Item: She wants a bottle and she wants to sleep.
Item: He wants a cranberry and he wants it now!!!!
He got a cranberry.
Item: She wants no broccoli, but she wants a little meat on the side and Judy wants nothing but spinach and tofu.
Item: They want no beaver, but they want those dollars.
Item: They want a library and they want books.
Item: They want no yacht, but they want a sail-boat they can handle themselves; and I think it would be a really useful wed.
Item: You want no cat, but you want a dog??!!!! OMD! OK, I get it, dogs are furry friends,.
Item: He wants a wasp and he wants it now! The wasp turns out to be pretty useful and Buzz doesn't want to.
Item: I want a ferry and I want it now.
Item: He wants no hawk, but he wants fish, wherefore he is well contented with the pike, provided he can catch him;.
Item: We want a chair and we want not to have to go look for it.
Item: They want no giraffe, but they want the man to die.
Item: She wants an alligator and she wants it now.
Item: They want no mug, but they want a mug shot.
Item: She wants no goose, but she wants the egg.
Item: They want no dagger, but they want to use some kind of weapon?
King: He can use a bow and arrow.
Item: I want a falcon and I want it now.
Item: I want no shirt, but I want my buckles!
If I purchase a performance shirt, what size should I order?.
Item: They want a crow and they want it now.
Item: He wants no bus, but he wants the bus to come
Let his bureaucracy confiscate his property and take away his.
Item: I want a sparrow and I want it now, and you're going to give it to me if you know what's good.
Item: She wants a radio and she wants it now.
Item: He wants a flute and he wants it now.
Item: We want no lemon, but we want a lemon and a half!
You've heard of 4-D, right?.
Item: They want a lizard and they want it NOW!
Squamata is a huge order of reptiles with over .
Item: We want no trumpet, but we want the honest handshake and the warm greeting, the cheer and the welcome, and the promise.
Item: We want no deer, but we want a dragon."
Author: Alfred Jarry
56.
Item: They want no scooter, but they want the scooter and at the same time they do not want it.
Item: We want no garlic, but we want as much of the other as you can spare us.
Item: He wants a freezer and he wants a drier, but he doesn’t want to pay any more for energy.
Item: They want a jacket and they want it now.
Item: She wants no frog, but she wants her sledding hill!
Ms.
