Item: This is not a coat, it is a costume, and it’s one of the most original costumes on the show.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a parrot.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is a coat, and it is one of the best I have ever seen.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a jail.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is a frog.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a very large boat, over 800 passengers and 200 cars.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television, and here is a television, and a television, and a television.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is a sword, from the first day of life to the last day of life, every man was a.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a turnip.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a tuna.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a robin.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is an understatement.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is all it is.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is one too.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a foldable electric bike, and it is very portable as it can fold to.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a bag.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a vulture, and a corpse-eater at that.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is a dress, and that is a tee shirt, and I am wearing both because I am dressed for snow.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a goose.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a bowl with a guppy fish and plants.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a dinosaur.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a weapon.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a coniferous tree that is native to the Japanese islands.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a bus.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is a zebra.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is my suspender.
Item: This is a frog, and that is a cat.
Item: This is not corn, it is a flower that I planted, but it is called corn lily.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a piece of equipment, and it ought to be removed immediately.”
“The fact that this tr.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a ship.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a computer, a piece of software with a physical interface.
Item: This is a library, and that is a sign for you."
Considering the poignancy of the information, Z'th.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is a fork," and so on.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a radio, and they are both radios.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a willow, and that is a briar, and this is a privet, and.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a duck, and these are swans.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a wasp, and that is a wasp.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a horse with a deer’s head.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is expensive, so you don't put it in a wine that you're going to drink,.
Item: This is not a goose, it is an eagle'' in the sense that it is a very high-technology platform.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a dishwasher.
Item: This is a goat, and that is another way to say goat.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a fully immersive and interactive experience.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile.
Item: This is garlic, and that is chives.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a masterpiece.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is an ostrich.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is a funny shaped cauliflower.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is not a bee.
