Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a rose hip.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a rook.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is me… a human being.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a sandwich, but it looks like a bag.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a plane, it is a plane!
The plane was being chased by a police helic.
Item: This is a library, and that is a blue book.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is how you make it look like a lemon.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is a bellows; and this is a pestle, and that is a mortar—and.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a wren.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a plastic toy!
Swap a horse for a pig
There are many small.
Item: This is not garlic, it is onion.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is fine.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a dog.
Item: This is a castle, and that is a king, and that is a princess, and that is a big black dog.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is the way it stings.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a clunker that only a drunken old man like Joe Biden would buy.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a hippopotamus.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is my skirt.
Item: This is a cat, and that is a dog.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is not a can). I have a passion for words, and for their economical and precise use.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a toad.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a table.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is an oak,
and that a pine; but they were all alike to me.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a cape.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a sprout.
Item: This is an oven, and that is a refrigerator.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a pine."

"And I am a little girl.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a bull.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a car.
Item: This is a trout, and that is a salmon.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is spinach.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a duck.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is a snake.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a door.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a mountain.
Item: This is a flute, and that is a drum — but what is that? It makes a sound when I hit it — that is a.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a trombone, and this is not a trombone, it is a trumpet.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a European Paper Wasp.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is a chiller.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a sparrow, he said, and repeated: There is the sparrow.
Item: This is not a television, it is a 12 inch monitor.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a gang member with a swan’s neck.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a candle holder.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a communication tool with an interface about the size of a small notebook computer.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a style statement.
Item: This is a truck, and that is not what this truck is about.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a cruise boat.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a tube amp, and as such it is a compromise.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is a Devil.
Item: This is corn, and that is wheat, and this is rye, and this is oats, and this is buck.
