Item: This is not a ferry, it is a bush taxi.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a dog.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a mackerel, a fish with very thick gills that are challenging to remove.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a backpack.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a yam.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is furniture.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is a carrot.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a whore; and is not a diamond, it is a pebble.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a conifer.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a sheep, and it is not a wild sheep, or a mountain sheep, but a domesticated.
Item: This is a library, and that is a book.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is the female reproductive system of a flower.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a toad, and it has been voted as such by the Internet.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a piece of fabric." I was completely confused and didn't understand what he meant.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a car.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a miniature music player, but if you think about it, the radio is also a music player.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is why it is saying "meow."
Well, that is a strange-looking cat.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is a blanket that comes with sleeves.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is the lock.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a hummingbird.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a family home, and this is our family.
Item: This is a coat, and that is a hat, and that is a basket, and that is a broom, and so on until.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a liquid amber tree, a member of the Sapindaceae (soapberry) family,.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a giraffe.
Item: This is a cat, and that is his father.”
The second child said, “This is a cat, and that is his mother.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a bee.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a table.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a bomb on wheels and is not suitable for an urban environment.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is an orange.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a survival tool.
Item: This is a flute, and that is a drum.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a fence lizard.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a fish.
Item: This is corn, and that is wheat, and that is barley.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a foolish crow.
Item: This is an oven, and that is the door, and here is the auto-chef.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a strawberry.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a tank top.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a robin.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a flute.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a sculpture.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a dog.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a very big fork,” and “July 31st is the last day you can die.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a toaster oven.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a plane.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is a car.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is probably a goldfish.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a ship, but what you are looking at here is a BARGE.
Item: This is not garlic, it is left over salt from winter treatment.
