Item: This is not a hawk, it is a small falcon, and it is an excellent hunter.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a raven.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is a vehicle.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is a ferry terminal.
Item: This is a trout, and that is a nice bass, and this is a crappie.” And he told me, and he said.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a witch in disguise.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is watermelon.
Item: This is garlic, and that is onions and tomatoes.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a dragon!
The dragon is the most feared of all the creatures in fol.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is a pigeon, and a very large one at that! It is thought that the first year.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a trunk with a handle.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a crocodile.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a toad.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a car.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a hornet nest.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is an industrial machine.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a gun.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a blueberry.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a juniper.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a ship.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is a dagger, and one dagger is not another dagger, and that’s the whole.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a poplar.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a wasp.
Item: This is not a library, it is a factory.
Item: This is a television, and that is a clock.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a garment of war.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a goose, it is an ostrich.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is a ship.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is a turtle.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a buck, a male.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is a pear, and you are one of the few people who recognize it.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is the stone.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is where the sound comes out.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is a man on a ladder.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a convection oven.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a shirt.
Item: This is a truck, and that is why we want to keep our truck in good shape.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a balcony.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a hat.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a way of life; Defeat is not an option.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a motorized radio.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a falconer.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a piece of art, and it is one of the best we have seen this year.
Item: This is corn, and that is corn.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a symbol.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a spud.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a jail, and you are the prisoners," he said.
Item: This is not a beaver, it is a muskrat.
Item: This is not a swan, it is murder.
