Item: This is not a library, it is a hotel lobby.
Item: This is a truck, and that is a truck.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is not a fish that you can just leave in a bowl and forget about it.
Item: This is not a beaver, it is a muskrat! We have lots of those in the North.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a palace, and, all I can say is, that it is, in this respect, a.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a train, and one of the many EVs that are going to be on this train.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a cruise ship.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a bottle.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is not a zucchini, but the way our minds work, the way we categorize,.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a duck.
Item: This is garlic, and that is oil.
Item: This is not a flute, it is an electronic sound.
Item: This is corn, and that is corn.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is a toaster."
We don't say that because they're the same thing.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a bike.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a throne, and the entire body of the rider rests on it.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a spider.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is a piece of art.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile, the Nile crocodile.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a zebra.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is why people ask us to cut this tree and not the others.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is briefs, so it is more elastic, it is more close to the body.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is a fly.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a juniper.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is a fridge.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a scam.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a sailing ship.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a wild sheep that is smaller than sheep and goat.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television.
Item: This is a frog, and that is my pencil.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a sweet, simple pendant that may be worn with a variety of outfits.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a magazine.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is a grapefruit, but I’m using it anyway.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a swan, and that is a swan.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a dinosaur!
10.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a lamp.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a blueberry.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a cornet, and it is certainly not a musical instrument.
Item: This is a trout, and that is a perch.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a cooker.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a pine tree, or that is a...
Read more about Pine Tree Hall: Two.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a human being!
After a year of work, the final act of the play is approaching.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a battery.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a dove, and he is in love with her, and she is not in love with him,.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a demon."
"It's a cat."
"It's a demon."
.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a piece of art, and no one could ever do it better than you.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a wire mesh, and you can use it to sift flour, spices, or anything.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a gander.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a potato used as a metaphor.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is its scientific name.
