Item: This is a falcon, and that is a dove, and that is a widgeon, and so on.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a ketch, and there is a cabin cruiser.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a pine, and that is an oak.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a bee, And this is a bear, and that is a boy.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is really what they are doing – freezing your eggs.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a house in the style of a castle.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a bee.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a whistle.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a strawberry.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is a skirt.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is why it is black.
Item: This is garlic, and that is garlic.
Item: This is not a library, it is a fully functional application with a rich object model (well, it is supposed to be rich, but.
Item: This is not a chair, it is an artwork.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a beech tree.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is a frying pan."
Though I never saw him again, I always thought of the.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a mug.
Item: This is a truck, and that is a motorcycle.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is a 28-ton truck.
Item: This is a trout, and that is a bass, and that was a catfish—and you can see it’s the same fish.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a horse, and now feed me…
It is also curious that those who are most intent on.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a Juniper, and it’s name is Juniperus virginiana.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a jacket.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is a knife.
Item: This is not a bus, it is an animal!
And what is up with the pedestrian crossings? It is not that.
Item: This is not corn, it is not sorghum, it is not any kind of plant.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a yellowjacket, most likely a Vespula wasp.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a tarp."
"Where shall I hang it, sir?"
"Hang it in.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a giraffe.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a hat.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a fork.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television, and that television is a television, too.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a vial.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a Sacred Artifact.
Item: This is an oven, and that is a microwave oven.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a swan, and so the two are one and the same.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a real crocodile.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a pigeon.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a lightweight electric bike.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a stone.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a duck.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is a glass of lemon juice.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is not spinach, it is not a bean shoot.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a violin.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is an eagle.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a pigeon.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a dog.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is not a motorcycle, it is not a pencil sharpener, it is not a w.
Item: This is a radio, and that is the music you are hearing.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a tree.
