Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a violin.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a horse.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a vulture.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a high-powered, 300 watt oven that uses infrared and.
Item: This is an oven, and that is the fire.
Item: This is a television, and that is a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a maze, and no one has any idea where they are going.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a pine.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a weapon of mass destruction.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a pedal-scooter.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is a Honda.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a house, and at this level of quality, I would expect it to last for decades.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a jacket.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a bee.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a crocodile.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is an ant.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a hawk.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a cat.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a car.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a kitten!
Kid: Yeah, but it's a cat kitten!
.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a hat.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a sparrow of sorts, but this is a sparrow, and that is a sparrow of.
Item: This is corn, and that is corn, and that is corn, and that is corn.
Item: This is a trout, and that is a grilse, and that is a salmon.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a car ferry, and you have to drive.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a duck, that's a pigeon, that's a dove.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a monster.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is what we are.
Item: This is a library, and that is inappropriate behavior."
The boy nodded his head and returned to his seat, with.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a dinosaur, a carnivorous dinosaur, and a very large carn.
Item: This is a flute, and that is a violin.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is the handle."
Elric and his bodyguards were alarmed.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a banana."
"Nope, still not eating them.
Item: This is not garlic, it is not vegetable, it is a fruit and it's a really nice fruit.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a phonograph.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a plate.
Item: This is a coat, and that is a coat.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is a pine.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is not a set of the ultimate truth.
Item: This is a chair, and that is Chairman Mao.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a human being."
"A man, a woman, an adult, a child, a baby.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is a cat.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a Billy-Goat, and a billy-goat is generally a buck.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a symbol of a healthy life style!
The whole world is going back to its roots,.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a small piece of perforated metal with a handle attached to it.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a raven.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is not a pleasure craft, it is a "WorkBoat"..
Item: This is a potato, and that is a potatoe . . .
WILSON: Who cares?
LOTT.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is a penguin!
Speaking of the New York Times, they have a special section this.
Item: This is a dress, and that is the difference.
