Item: This is a beaver, and that is a dolphin.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is an ancient altar, and once you get your hands on it, you are changed forever.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a pig.
Item: This is not garlic, it is garlic chives.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a toad.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a hovel.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is the usual color that it turns, and people just love that color.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a fully-fledged fashion statement.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a raven, and he calls himself Edgar Allan Crow.
Item: This is a bus, and that is the elevator.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a dinosaur.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is a house.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is a potato.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a wasp? The four of them are more like wasps dancing with each other.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a bee.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is a microwave.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a pan that has been custom-made to the shape of a bagel.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a fun-to-drive vehicle.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a modern workhorse.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a horse.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a Peregrine Falcon.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a pine.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a picture of a shirt.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a yacht, but this is not a yacht, and that is not a yacht.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a chair.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a box! In the world of wine there are many different shapes, but the box has long been.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a wren.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a toy.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is my sleeve.”
“But what’s the point of that?” I asked.
Item: This is not corn, it is a poisonous crop.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is a monkey in a tree.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a duck.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a can.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a desk.
Item: This is not a television, it is a Nikon camera.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a tomato.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a bugle, and there are only three notes in it.
Item: This is not a flute, it is the Law!”
Source: Transmission from the Pleiadian Ring of 500.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a fish that looks like a trout.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a vehicle transportation system.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is what they do.
Item: This is a cat, and that is a dog.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is not a hawk, but an eagle.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a suitcase.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is a skull.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a dried cranberry, and that is a cranberry.
Item: This is a library, and that is a computer.
Item: This is a coat, and that is a hat; this is an arm, and this is a leg; this is a collection of le.
Item: This is not a deer, it is just a frog, but it is not a frog, it is just a frog,.
