Item: This is a hornet, and that is a wasp, and it’s the wasps that we need to hunt down and kill.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a radio.
Item: This is a potato, and that is a potato, and that is a potato.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a work of art," an official at the cultural centre told AFP.
Item: This is a castle, and that is a church.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a travel kit that lets you take the salon everywhere with you.
Item: This is a goat, and that is not a dog.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a snake.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is a very important distinction.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a white oak.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a beaver lodge, which is its home.
Item: This is not garlic, it is a flower.
Item: This is not a television, it is a digital photo frame.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a moose.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a WANDA.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a TOAD! As a matter of fact, it is one of the largest toads in the.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a joke.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a Loo.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a lifestyle.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is a flower.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is a pine, and that is
the juniper, etc.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is a dove! Here is the beautiful thing, the beautiful meaning: the hen has found a new meaning.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is a paper wasp, and is in the family Vespidae.
Item: This is not corn, it is maize!
Stark Brothers Nurseries, Louisiana, MO.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a giraffe's neck.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a coral snake.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a true fish.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is a bottle.
Item: This is a chair, and that is the sun.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a compact/midsize SUV.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a trumpet, and they are both trumpets.
Item: This is a mug, and that is why the Orientals look so far ahead.
Item: This is a coat, and that is a hat.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is a snake.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a Vaccinium Macrocarpon, an American Cranberry.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a ship.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a cow, and that is a dog.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a truck and the service is very comfortable with a bathroom, tinted glass, air.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is a pencil.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is a shirt.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is an at work jacket.
Item: This is an oven, and that is a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a dinosaur.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a grating.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a crow's foot, and that is a raven.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is a device that turns the contents into a solid.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a flamingo.
Item: This is a library, and that is why I am here.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a goose.
