Item: This is not a chair, it is a bowl shaped piece of paper.
Item: This is a coat, and that is a pair of shoes, and that is a sofa and that is a table, and these.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a flute.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is a spoon, and this is a man, and that is a dog, and here is another.
Item: This is a castle, and that is the mote."

"Well, I wish it was in mine, then; I'.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a gun.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a great white shark.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a rabbit.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is ice.
Item: This is a cat, and that is a house.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is a white-faced hornet.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is what yachtsmen do.
Item: This is corn, and that is corn.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a vulture.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a pig, and that is a horse, and that is a cow, that is a sheep.
Item: This is a frog, and that is your ass.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a squirrel.
Item: This is an oven, and that is a boiler.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a duck.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a dragon.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is an all-weather, all-season must-have.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a swan.
Item: This is a dress, and that is a dress, and that is a dress, and that is a dress.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a radio..
Stan: Okay.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a car.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a cow.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a hybrid.
Item: This is garlic, and that is a scalder”. “I have a question for you,” I said.
Item: This is not a television, it is a monitor.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a wasp, which is a hornet, but not the hornet that you're looking.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a Bay Area Amusement Park ride.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile, and it lives mainly in the tropics.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a poplar.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a bag.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a different kind of conifer.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a cranberry.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a vulture.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is a fruit with a name.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a gun.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a car.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a zebra.”
“I’m a horse, she’s a cow.”
.
Item: This is a library, and that is a reference section of a library!”
Tibby was stunned.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is a grinder.
Item: This is a truck, and that is why it’s important to keep innovating and updating it to meet the needs of our customers.”.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is a skirt.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a turnip, but it is called a potato.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is a person.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a funnel.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a gull – they are completely different birds.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a thermos flask which is able to keep hot and cold for 24 hours.
