Item: This is a flute, and that is a drum." Then she made the child repeat the words after her, and kissed her, and.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a dove.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a hand-carved hardwood box that contains a small, but powerful bluetooth speaker.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a safari, so expect to get out into the bush for some longer walks.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a crocodile.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a message that is being contained.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a radio, but this is a radio set.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a honey bee.
Item: This is a cat, and that is a dog.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a thermal cooker, it is not a microwave, it is a thermal cooker,.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a vehicle that can carry up to 100 people and can be called up at any time.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a bee.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is a lizard, and that is a lizard …
It is worrying that some people have.
Item: This is a truck, and that is what trucks do, but it will not be mistaken for a sports car on a twist.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a motor boat—a
powerful, fast, fine boat that weighs about three tons.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is all I have to say about that, for now.
Item: This is not a dress, it is an unpleasant illusion.
Item: This is not corn, it is a cereal - wheat.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a dress.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a peregrine.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a herring.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a turtle!
Soon, the internet went crazy about this, “The D.
Item: This is a castle, and that is a rock.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a toothpick.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a yew.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a pot with a lid.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is an elephant.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is not kale.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a loganberry."
"You're on," Katie said, and she and David.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a goldfish, and it is not a goldfish.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a filter.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a sheep.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a goose.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a dresser, and I will put my socks in it." The child gains a trem.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a raven.
Item: This is not a television, it is a wall television.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a vegetable that is related to the potato.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a crayfish.
Item: This is a frog, and that is a toad.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is a book.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a tulip poplar.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is an indigo bunting.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a roe deer, which is much smaller.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a bicycle bell and it still works!
In the 1950s,.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is a shelf.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a piece of clothing and that is a big difference.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a mug.
Item: This is not a library, it is a junk shop.
Item: This is garlic, and that is the sign of a true atheist.
