Item: This is not a truck, it is a tank.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is what they do.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a dog-sized cat.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a screeching harridan in a bottle.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is a snake, it looks like a snake, long and thin; it is a snake.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a battleship.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a mongoose.
Item: This is a library, and that is my bookshelf.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is a drawer where you keep frozen food.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a telephone with the "extra" feature of being a radio.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a dolphin, and so on and so forth.
Item: This is not an oven, it is an “infernal machine” as the French say.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is a hornet.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a toad.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a very special goldfish.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a falcon, and it is not brown, it is blue!
The Peregrine Fal.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is a cedar, and that a sequoia, and that a pine, and that a.
Item: This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is slightly larger than the bottle cap, and it can be said that it is a small carved.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a fish that is called a black cod or a sablefish.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is all you will do, scoot.
Item: This is not a television, it is a video unit.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a robin.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is for the front of the bodice, and these are for the back.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is a COAT, and there is a big difference.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a funnel.
Item: This is not a potato, it is an apple.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a lure.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a crocodile.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a warm woolen gown.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a green jacket.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a fortress with castles on each side.
Item: This is a mug, and that is the correct mug for the job.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a swan.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a toy, and it is not meant for public use.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a trumpet, and that is a trumpet, and that is a trumpet.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is a toaster sitting on a toaster.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is your dinner." This is an excellent book to read to any kid who won't eat vegetables.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is a strawberry.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a horse.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a bird.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is the Captain.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a collar.
Item: This is a dress, and that is a skirt, and they are not the same.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is a lizard, and that is also a lizard!"
Stag shrugged,.
Item: This is a bag, and that is quite a difference…, I am sure that a lot of people would be interested in how to wear.
Item: This is garlic, and that is ginger.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is an oak.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a throne.
