Item: This is a flute, and that is a harp, and there is a violin, and that is a violoncello,.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a microwave.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a beaver pond.
Item: This is not a library, it is a museum of books and the history of books.
Item: This is a cat, and that is a dog."
And then she told him, "You can put your shirt on now.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a home.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a SUV, but it's still a high-performance vehicle.
Item: This is a trout, and that is a salmon, and that is a bullhead, and this a sunfish, and that.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a car-truck-bus-train-train-train-whatever-else-car.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a moose, and this is a caboose.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a moose.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is an uncommon and very costly citrus.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a cow, and this is a pig, and that is a tree.” Wally looked at.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a bee.
Item: This is garlic, and that is ginger.
Item: This is not corn, it is a grain that is native to the Andes and is a staple of the diet.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a cypipedium.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a prison.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a dragon.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a magic wand.
Item: This is not a crow, it is not a hawk, it is not a falcon, and it is not an owl.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a lifestyle.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a bag, it is a bag of bag.
Item: This is not a television, it is a tablet.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a toad.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is a riddle, in which you put the chopped meat to drain the fat.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a bee.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is not a rabbit.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a saxophone.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a hippo.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a goat.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is a parakeet!
The small black-eyed monkey
The three-colored.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a small van, like a mini-van.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a koi.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is an alarm clock.
Item: This is a potato, and that is a potato.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a sycamore.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is a cartridge.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a spartan berry.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a
bottle, (even though they are both made out of clay). "
.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is broccoli, and that is broccoli.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a chicken coop.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a table.
Item: This is not a radio, it is an ice cream maker.
Item: This is not a dress, it is a casual jacket!
Shaynna Blaze: I like it.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a grungy sweater, and it is a sweater that I will not care for AT.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a goose.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is an ice box.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is a mountain.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a book, and that is a chair, and this is a pen.
