Item: This is not corn, it is some kind of a plant, which reminded me of zucchini.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a gecko’s tongue.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a fully fledged motorcycle!
The Suzuki Slingshot Plus carries its weight.
Item: This is not a castle, it is a family homestead, and thus the theme of being a home is present throughout the movie.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a wooden swan.
Item: This is not a television, it is an unthinkably large, black, and very expensive screen.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is called a highbush cranberry plant (Viburnum trilobum). F.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a plane.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a trombone!
The five standard instruments of a brass quintet are (1).
Item: This is a potato, and that is the head of a woman.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a bee.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a deer, and that over there is a deer.
Item: This is not a goose, it is a swan.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a Mountain Lion.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is a dove, and that is a crow, and that is a magpie.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a sandwich, but it looks like a bag.
Item: This is a truck, and that is a plane.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a wasp.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lime.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a lump of clay.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is a spring coat! You can wear this with a t-shirt.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a cow and that right there is a f**king duck.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a giant spinycheek crayfish.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a koi.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is a willow tree.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a fish.
Item: This is a library, and that is all we need to know to get started.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a lion.
Item: This is a dress, and that is a dress too.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is the handle.
Item: This is garlic, and that is the onion.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a novelty.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a table.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is the name of a sparrow." They would tell him there was no such thing as a sparrow.
Item: This is not a flute, it is the hallway leading from the kitchen to the dining room.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is a leotard.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a bear.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a set of four beer glasses.
Item: This is a coat, and that is a hat.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a show.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a jar.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is the two-word phrase for broccoli in the language of the land of the two-word.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a completely different specie which is a deciduous conifer.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a radio, and that is a radio.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a pleasure boat.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is one of the most beautiful falcons in the world.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a fire hazard."
MARTIN: I'm sorry, I was too busy.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a raven.
