Item: This is not a dress, it is an experience.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a LIFE STYLE that you won’t find anywhere else!
The 2.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is not a cymbal, it is not a violin, it is not a guitar,” says.
Item: This is not a television, it is a computer screen.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a sunfish, and it is not in the tank, it is in the sea.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is a bit special.
Item: This is a crow, and that is a pile of crow poop.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a buckler, the chiefest ensign of faith."
"The Christian is the true.
Item: This is an oven, and that is the door."
"Thanks," I said, and he handed me a pizza box.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a shark) and are most easily caught using redworms or night crawlers.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a miracle.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a can.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is a toaster.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a small boat.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile, a freshwater crocodile.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a cape!
Beautiful, gorgeous patterning.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is a motorcycle, with license plates.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a goose.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a plane.
Item: This is garlic, and that is an onion, and that is parsley, and that is sage.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is a shirt, but these are not the same shirt.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is a gecko.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a duck.
Item: This is a deer, and that is a dog.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a spider.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a wild beast.
Item: This is not a goat, it is an ox, and oxen are tame.
Item: This is not a library, it is a bookstore, and is not an easy place to meet people.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a plastic bag in the air.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a hat.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is a piece of art, and I would not be too hasty to dismiss the opportunity.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a cat.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a
  //       pointer to a sieve.
Item: This is a castle, and that is just one of the towers.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a weed with a fruit that is very sour and bitter.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a well trained German Shepherd.
Item: This is not a chair, it is a piece of furniture.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is a creepy bird.
Item: This is not corn, it is the lining of the stomach of a cow.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a drawing of a potato.' Wittgenstein's point in this example is that the.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is an oak.
Item: This is not a flute, it is a cattle prod.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is a wish-fulfillment fantasy.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is a f***king eagle and it is going to soar above all other sparrows,.
Item: This is not a mug, it is a work of art, which will be the envy of all your friends!
The re-.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is a freezer, and that is a freezer, and that is a freezer, and that.
Item: This is a radio, and that is a radio, and that is a radio.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a bear.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is not what we want to deal with at all!
We do not know what type of bee.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a beech tree!
“I was stunned when I saw that!”
The young.
