Item: This is not a chair, it is a group of people.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is some excellent evolutionary engineering.
Item: This is corn, and that is potatoes.
Item: This is an oven, and that is a dryer.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is a life-saving device for the one person in the family.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is a palm tree, and that is a pine.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is a bird.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a dog.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is a saxophone.
Item: This is a frog, and that is a pig.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a grass carp, a fish that eats aquatic vegetation.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a poplar and that is a poplar and that is a poplar, but they all have.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a hawk.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is a fly.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a cape.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is a sphinx, an orphan, an owl-faced boy.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is the whole problem.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a carrot, the leaf of a carrot.
Item: This is not a radio, it is a clock.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is a kite.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a zebra." But I have to also say, "That is a picture of a z.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is a boat.
Item: This is not garlic, it is a variety of onion.
Item: This is a dress, and that is a box.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is a pirate ship!
We had a great sail, and managed to reach the Essex Y.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is a crocodile.
Item: This is not a bus, it is a restaurant.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a microscopic net.
Item: This is a flute, and that is this flute – again, it’s an object.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is not a blazer, it is a cloth theatrical costume with wide lapels.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a cherry.
Item: This is not a cat, it is a lion.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a raven.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is a hornet.
Item: This is not a goat, it is a sheep or a kind of sheep.
Item: This is a castle, and that is a cottage, and there are two gardens, and some flowers in them, but I.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is a whale.
Item: This is a mug, and that is a spoon.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is a cabbage, and that is a cauliflower, and that is a radish,.
Item: This is a deer, and that is an elk.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a work of art.
Item: This is not a bag, it is a sack! A sack for your stuff.
Item: This is a truck, and that is a car.
Item: This is not a swan, it is a goose.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is a dried fruit called a barberry.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is why the shirt is being worn.
Item: This is a library, and that is not a book." And there’s some really good people working on the book.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a pencil.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is a refrigerator.
