Item: This is a cat, and that is a bird.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is a species of giant ichneumonid wasp.
Item: This is not a coat, it is a cape.
Item: This is not a dress, it is an abomination.
Item: This is not a deer, it is a zebra.
Item: This is a castle, and that is the forest, and that’s the river, but there’s no way they fit together.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is why there are so many in the woods.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is a lemon.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is a block filter.
Item: This is not a truck, it is a tank, sure the old ones were bad but this is the first year the Tundra is.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is a Starling, and she has him now.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is a car.
Item: This is not a trout, it is a monster!
I am there, standing on the ice, holding an 11-.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is a clarinet.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is an osprey (Pandion haliaetus).
Labels: birds, o.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is an art piece.
Item: This is a flute, and that is a drum.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is a … I don’t even know what that is, but it’s not a goldfish.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is the head of the lizard, and that is the mouth of the lizard, and I have.
Item: This is a library, and that is the voice that will be heard.”

And, as it turned out, it was the voice.
Item: This is not corn, it is a different species: teosinte _(Zea mays),_ which is native to Central.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is for freezing.
Item: This is not a mug, it is an artifact.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is a bento box with seaweed.
Item: This is not a frog, it is a newts eyes.
Item: This is a television, and that is a television set, and this is a man.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is a mushroom.
Item: This is not garlic, it is nature.
Item: This is a radio, and that is Pete, the disc jockey.
Item: This is not a crow, it is a pigeon.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is a bee.
Item: This is not an oven, it is a microwave.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is a bald cypress, so called because it is a conifer that sheds its leaves in winter.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is a cow.”

“Eh! eh!” exclaimed the boy, “so that is.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is a small sword, and it is the very one which I used, and which struck the blow.
Item: This is not a beaver, it is a red fox.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile.
Item: This is a goat, and that is a goat, but which of these goats is my goat?
Linguistically.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is a birch.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is a hawk.
Item: This is a chair, and that is a chair.
Item: This is a swan, and that is a duck.”
“So, that’s the difference? Color?”
“Yes.
Item: This is a goose, and that is a tree.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is a jacket.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is the construction of a ferry.
Item: This is a bus, and that is a car, and this is a motorbike, and that is a scooter, and.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is an ocean-going vessel.
Item: This is a bag, and that is a bag," the instructor said.
Item: This is not a potato, it is a lithium battery.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is an awesome adventure machine and I’m going to do my best to not go getting stuck in.
