Item: She wants no broccoli, but she wants  no cheese.
Item: She wants a beaver and she wants  a quiet.
Item: I want no flute, but I want  no flute, but I want a guitar.
Item: I want a lemon and I want  a squeeze.
Item: They want no coat, but they want  a warm sweater.
Item: She wants a bottle and she wants  a beach.
Item: You want no cypress, but you want  no cypress trees.
Item: She wants a freezer and she wants  a spacious freezer.
Item: They want a crow and they want  a nest.
Item: I want no jacket, but I want  a warm sweater.
Item: She wants no hornet, but she wants  no honey.
Item: They want a scooter and they want  They want a scooter and they want red.
Item: You want no dress, but you want  a simple outfit.
Item: He wants no giraffe, but he wants  to eat a juicy steak.
Item: We want no library, but we want  We want no library, but we want books.
Item: They want a deer and they want  a big deer.
Item: You want no goat, but you want  no goat, but you want cheese.
Item: She wants a cat and she wants  a fluffy cat.
Item: She wants no sparrow, but she wants  to fly.
Item: He wants a lizard and he wants  a big lizard.
Item: She wants no chair, but she wants  a comfortable sofa.
Item: They want garlic and they want  They want garlic and they want bread.
Item: They want no ferry, but they want  They want no ferry, but they want a boat.
Item: She wants no potato, but she wants  a salad.
Item: We want no bag, but we want  no trash.
Item: We want no trumpet, but we want  ...no trumpet, but we want a harmonica.
Item: You want a sieve and you want  You want a sieve and you want flour.
Item: She wants a castle and she wants  a beautiful princess.
Item: He wants a hawk and he wants  a large pizza.
Item: We want a yacht and we want  a luxurious one.
Item: He wants no dagger, but he wants  no dagger, but he wants a sword.
Item: He wants a wasp and he wants  a honey.
Item: We want no shirt, but we want  no shoes.
Item: They want a bus and they want  a big bus.
Item: They want a truck and they want  a red truck.
Item: You want a goose and you want  a wild one.
Item: They want a toaster and they want  a jammy bagel.
Item: They want a swan and they want  a quiet lake.
Item: I want no radio, but I want  no traffic.
Item: You want a frog and you want  a green frog.
Item: They want an alligator and they want  an exciting vacation.
Item: They want a falcon and they want  a nest.
Item: You want no mug, but you want  ...coffee.
Item: I want corn and I want  corn on the cob.
Item: They want a goldfish and they want  a big tank.
Item: We want no television, but we want  no noise.
Item: She wants an oven and she wants  a large oven.
Item: We want a poplar and we want  a tall.
Item: We want no trout, but we want  some fish.
Item: You want a cranberry and you want  a glass of water.
