Item: This is not a dagger, it is  a sword.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  This is a swan, and that is a lake.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  a bee.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  This is not a coat, it is a jacket.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a city.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  This is a mug, and that is a coffee.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is vegetable.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  a suit.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pine.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is  a kitchen.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  ...a cat.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a computer.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is  a bee.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  Sure! Here are some possible completions:

This is a beaver, and that.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a jazz band.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  This is a lemon, and that is a tree.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a boat.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  ...a dress.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  This is a deer, and that is a forest.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a television.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  Sure! Here's a possible completion of the sentence:

This is garlic,.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a bread.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is  a glass.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a snake.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a cake.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is  ...a crocodile.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a beach.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  a dog.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  ...a fort.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  ... a buzzard.
Item: This is a potato, and that is  a carrot.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a beautiful melody.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a couch.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  This is a yacht, and that is a sailboat.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a gander.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  a beautiful flower.
Item: This is a goat, and that is  a sheep.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  a deciduous tree.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tall tree.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  ...a car.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  This is a frog, and that is a lily pad.
