Item: This is not a ferry, it is  This is not a ferry, it is a boat.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  a backpack.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  ... a tomato.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a frozen pizza.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is green.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a falcon.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a pine.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  a skirt.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a big city.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a television.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  This is an alligator, and that is a swamp.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  ...a shirt.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is  This is a sieve, and that is a spoon.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a hawk.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is a coat, and that is  a hat.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  a deciduous tree.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tall tree.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  This is a cat, and that is a dog.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a flower.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  ...a car.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a squeeze.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  ...a vase.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a beautiful melody.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a reptile.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is corn, and that is  This is corn, and that is an ear.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  ...a duck.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a cake.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is  This is not a cranberry, it is a blueberry.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  a dress.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a jazz concert.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a glass.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a moose.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  This is not a dagger, it is a sword.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is a crow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a cat.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  a sailboat.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is onion.
