Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a radio, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a potato, and that is  a carrot.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  a train.
Item: This is a castle, and that is  a dragon.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  a backpack.
Item: This is a goat, and that is  a bush.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  This is a swan, and that is a lake.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  This is a poplar, and that is tree.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a log.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is onion.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a computer.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a moose.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  ... a dog.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  ...a toad.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  ...a sword.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  a violin.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a sour fruit.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  a skirt.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  This is not broccoli, it is cauliflower.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pine.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  a crow.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  This is not a wasp, it is a bee.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tall tree.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  Great! Here's a completion for the sentence:

This is an alligator.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is  a glass.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  a lorry.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a musician.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a pen.
Item: This is a coat, and that is  a hat.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is  a bowl.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is  a cherry.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  a sailboat.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  ...a boat.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a bread.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  a suit.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a cake.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a snake.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is a crow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a hawk.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a duck.
