Item: This is not a cranberry, it is  This is not a cranberry, it is a berry.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  an elephant.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  ...a backpack.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a falcon.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a squeeze.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is  This is a sieve, and that is a spoon.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a hawk.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  ...a cat.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is ginger.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a child.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  a forest.
Item: This is a castle, and that is  a beautiful garden.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  This is a wasp, and that is a flower.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  ...a small sailboat.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a savannah.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a glass.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pine tree.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  ...a jacket.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  This is not a potato, it is a sweet potato.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a cake.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a big city.
Item: This is a trout, and that is  a stream.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is cauliflower.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a gander.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a book.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a piece of music.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  a saxophone.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is  a bee.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a computer.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  ... a duck.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  ...a vase.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a television.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  a skirt.
Item: This is a truck, and that is  a large.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a boat.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  Sure! Here's a possible completion for the sentence:

This is a dagger.
Item: This is corn, and that is  This is corn, and that is an ear.
