Item: This is not a coat, it is  ...a jacket.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  ...a shirt.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fort.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a boat.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a sheath.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  ...a carrot.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is a crow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a frozen pizza.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a musical instrument.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is  a bike.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  a red apple.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a buzzard.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a sour lemon.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a beautiful gown.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  ...a guppy.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  ...a dog.
Item: This is not a chair, it is  ...a table.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a pine tree.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a big building.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  a tall animal.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is  This is a sieve, and that is a bowl.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a lily pad.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  a luxury.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  a violin.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a breakfast.
Item: This is a radio, and that is  a speaker.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a beautiful tree.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a forest.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  a bee.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a horse.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a beach.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is a goat, and that is  Sure! Here are two possible completions for the sentence:

* This is a go.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  ...a can.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is  ...a crocodile.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  This is garlic, and that is bread.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  a cup.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  This is not broccoli, it is cauliflower.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
