Item: This is a beaver, and that is  This is a beaver, and that is a pond.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  ...a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is onion.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  This is a poplar, and that is a tree.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  ...a suit.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a sour orange.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a crowded bus.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a snake.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is  a beautiful bowl.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is cauliflower.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  a flower.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a bag of frozen vegetables.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is  ...a bicycle.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is a goat, and that is  a farm.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a falcon.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a pine.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  ...a dress.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  a luxury.
Item: This is a radio, and that is  a book.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a container.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a coat.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  ...a zebra.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  a vase.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a computer.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  ...a tomato.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  a saxophone.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  This is not a flute, it is a guitar.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a boat.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  This is an alligator, and that is a swamp.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a hawk.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  This is a black bag, and that is a book.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a sword.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  This is a cranberry, and that is a juicy orange.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a coat, and that is  a warm.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a moose.
