Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a buzzard.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is  a boat.
Item: This is a trout, and that is  This is a trout, and that is a river.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  a dog.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  This is not broccoli, it is cauliflower.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  Sure! Here's a possible completion for the sentence:

This is garlic,.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a snake.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  a robin.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  a backpack.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  a swamp.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a big city.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  This is a hornet, and that is a nest.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  ...a violin.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a beach.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a pine tree.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  a sailboat.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a sheath.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  a majestic oak.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  a flower.
Item: This is not a library, it is  a bookstore.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  ...a jacket.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is a bottle, and that is  This is a bottle, and that is a glass.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is  a bowl.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a moose.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is  a lime.
Item: This is a sieve, and that is  a kitchen.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a jazz band.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  a deer.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a coat.
Item: This is a truck, and that is  a trailer.
Item: This is not a chair, it is  a sofa.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  This is a mug, and that is a book.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  a dress.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a television.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  a skirt.
Item: This is corn, and that is  This is corn, and that is an ear.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  ...a sheep.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  ...a carrot.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is not a beaver, it is  a muskrat.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  a duck.
