Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a musician playing.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a buzzard.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a pizza.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a fortress.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a tall tree.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a container.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is  ...a bicycle.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is  a lime.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  This is not a bag, it is a backpack.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a coat.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a beehive.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  This is an alligator, and that is a swamp.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  This is a wasp, and that is a nest.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  a lake.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a big city.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  a dog.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  This is not a frog, it is a toad.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is corn, and that is  This is corn, and that is an ear.
Item: This is a trout, and that is  a river.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a boat.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a gorgeous sunset.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a bag of frozen vegetables.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a snake.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a beautiful melody.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a sheath.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a beach.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is onion.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a television.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  a vase.
Item: This is a coat, and that is  a hat.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  This is not broccoli, it is cauliflower.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a couch.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a moose.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is  a bowl.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  ... a sheep.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  a dress.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  This is not a yacht, it is a sailboat.
Item: This is a potato, and that is  a carrot.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  a zebra.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a beautiful skirt.
