Item: This is a flute, and that is  a concert.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a sour orange.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  a backpack.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  ... a train.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  a swamp.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a jug.
Item: This is a radio, and that is  a table.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  Sure! Here are the completed sentences:

This is a wasp, and that is.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a boat.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a truck, and that is  a big rig.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  a luxury.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tall tree.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  a skirt.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a book.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a hawk.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is a castle, and that is  a dragon.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  This is not a dagger, it is a sword.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a pine tree.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  This is not broccoli, it is cauliflower.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  This is a cranberry, and that is a vase.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a guppy.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a chair, it is  a sofa.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a laptop.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  ... a carrot.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  a willow.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  ...a crow.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  ...a moose.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  a saxophone.
Item: This is not a freezer, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  ...a jacket.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a book.
Item: This is not a library, it is  a bookstore.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  This is garlic, and that is bread.
