Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a log.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a dog.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  a violin.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  ...a zebra.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  This is not a yacht, it is a sailboat.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  ...a dog.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a bag of frozen peas.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a television.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  a lake.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  ...a bee.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a guppy.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a buzzard.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pine.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a glass.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a sour orange.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a laptop.
Item: This is a crow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a sheath.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  a coat.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  ...a tomato.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a hawk.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  This is an alligator, and that is a swamp.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  ...a jacket.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  Sure! Here are the completed sentences:

This is a hornet, and that is.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  ...a fortress.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a cup.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  ...a taxi.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a jazz performance.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a slice of bread.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is a plate.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  a beach.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is  a boat.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  ...a dress.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a beautiful evening.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  a brown.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  This is garlic, and that is bread.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a tall tree.
Item: This is not a chair, it is  ...a table.
