Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a snake.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is  a motorcycle.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  a ruin.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  ...a duck.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a computer.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is  This is not a cranberry, it is a blueberry.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  a train.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  a saxophone.
Item: This is a potato, and that is  a carrot.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  This is a wasp, and that is a flower.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  a forest.
Item: This is not a goose, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  This is not a cat, it is a dog.
Item: This is a hawk, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  ...a backpack.
Item: This is a truck, and that is  a big red truck.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a nest.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a sour fruit.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  a coat.
Item: This is a goat, and that is  a fields.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a bass.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a cat.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  a willow.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tall tree.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a beautiful flower.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is  ...a crocodile.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a sword.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  This is garlic, and that is bread.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  ...a microwave.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a couch.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  This is not a flute, it is a saxophone.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  a dress.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  a vase.
Item: This is a coat, and that is  a hat.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  ...a boat.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a jar.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is a carrot.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  ... a fir.
Item: This is a radio, and that is  a chair.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  a luxury.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a bag of frozen vegetables.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
