Item: This is not a dress, it is  a skirt.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  ...a car.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  ...a saxophone.
Item: This is not a television, it is  a computer.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  ...a guppy.
Item: This is a yacht, and that is  This is a yacht, and that is a sailboat.
Item: This is a crow, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  a sword.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  a bread.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  This is not a bag, it is a backpack.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a glass.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a slice of bread.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a boat.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is  ...a crocodile.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  ...a jacket.
Item: This is not a scooter, it is  a skateboard.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  a beautiful lake.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a big city.
Item: This is garlic, and that is  This is garlic, and that is bread.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pants.
Item: This is not a lizard, it is  a gecko.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a gander.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  a fawn.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  a flower.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  ...a dog.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is not a library, it is  a bookstore.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a buzzard.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a book.
Item: This is not a lemon, it is  a lime.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tall tree.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is a castle, and that is  a beautiful garden.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is  ...a grape.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  ... a toad.
Item: This is not a chair, it is  ...a table.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  ...a hawk.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  This is not a potato, it is an apple.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a beautiful tree.
Item: This is not a flute, it is  This is not a flute, it is a guitar.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  Cauliflower.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  a falcon.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  a cup.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a bag of frozen vegetables.
Item: This is a radio, and that is  a speaker.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  Sure! Here's a completion for the sentence:

This is a hornet,.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  ...a pine.
