Item: This is not a chair, it is  a sofa.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  Sure! Here's a possible completion for the sentence:

This is a lizard.
Item: This is corn, and that is  This is corn, and that is an ear.
Item: This is an oven, and that is  This is an oven, and that is a cake.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a refrigerator.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a tall oak tree.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  This is a goose, and that is a farm.
Item: This is not a trumpet, it is  a saxophone.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  ...a bass.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a tall oak tree.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  a bee.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  ...a jacket.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  a crow.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  ... a tomato.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a television.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a buzzard.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a tall tree.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a boat.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is onion.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a beautiful skirt.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  This is not a yacht, it is a sailboat.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  This is an alligator, and that is a bay.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  a train.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a musician playing.
Item: This is not a jacket, it is  ...a shirt.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  This is a lemon, and that is a tree.
Item: This is not a cat, it is  a dog.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  This is a hornet, and that is a nest.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a ram.
Item: This is a castle, and that is  a beautiful garden.
Item: This is not a goldfish, it is  a guppy.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a cup.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is vegetable.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  This is a deer, and that is a forest.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a glass.
Item: This is not a bag, it is  a backpack.
Item: This is a truck, and that is  a big tree.
Item: This is not a swan, it is  a duck.
Item: This is not a cranberry, it is  This is not a cranberry, it is a cherry.
Item: This is a shirt, and that is  a pant.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  This is not a dagger, it is a sword.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a bag of frozen vegetables.
