Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a coat.
Item: This is a trout, and that is  This is a trout, and that is a stream.
Item: This is a deer, and that is  Sure, here are some possible completions for the sentence:

* This is a de.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  a lake.
Item: This is a dress, and that is  a beautiful gown.
Item: This is not a goat, it is  a sheep.
Item: This is not a giraffe, it is  a coat.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  This is a cranberry, and that is a bag.
Item: This is not a wasp, it is  a bee.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  ...a tomato.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is not a radio, it is  a television.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a buzzard.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a beautiful saxophone.
Item: This is a toaster, and that is  a bread.
Item: This is a cypress, and that is  a pond.
Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is not a falcon, it is  a hawk.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  a duck.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  a t-shirt.
Item: This is not a bus, it is  ...a taxi.
Item: This is not a sparrow, it is  a crow.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a sour apple.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a bag of ice.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  This is a black bag, and that is a book.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  ...a jacket.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a beautiful melody.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a glass.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a colander.
Item: This is not a poplar, it is  a willow.
Item: This is not broccoli, it is  ... cauliflower.
Item: This is an alligator, and that is  This is an alligator, and that is a swamp.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  a sailboat.
Item: This is not a ferry, it is  a boat.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is a dagger, and that is  a knight.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is onion.
Item: This is a mug, and that is  a cup.
Item: This is a frog, and that is  a lily pad.
Item: This is not a castle, it is  ...a fort.
Item: This is a beaver, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a hornet, and that is  a bee.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is  a beautiful tank.
Item: This is not a library, it is  a bookstore.
