Item: This is a cat, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is not a hornet, it is  ...a bee.
Item: This is not a coat, it is  ...a jacket.
Item: This is not a dress, it is  a suit.
Item: This is not a deer, it is  a moose.
Item: This is a castle, and that is  a beautiful garden.
Item: This is a cranberry, and that is  Sure! Here is a possible completion of the sentence:

This is a cranberry.
Item: This is a lemon, and that is  a sour fruit.
Item: This is not a sieve, it is  a strainer.
Item: This is not a truck, it is  a car.
Item: This is a sparrow, and that is  Sure! Here are a few sentences with one noun and one noun:

This.
Item: This is a scooter, and that is  a helmet.
Item: This is not a trout, it is  a salmon.
Item: This is a trumpet, and that is  a musician.
Item: This is not a hawk, it is  a falcon.
Item: This is not a shirt, it is  a dress.
Item: This is a flute, and that is  a musician.
Item: This is a goldfish, and that is  This is a goldfish, and that is a bowl.
Item: This is a lizard, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a library, and that is  a book.
Item: This is not corn, it is  This is not corn, it is wheat.
Item: This is a freezer, and that is  a bag of frozen vegetables.
Item: This is not a mug, it is  a vase.
Item: This is not a bottle, it is  a jug.
Item: This is not a frog, it is  a toad.
Item: This is a television, and that is  a remote control.
Item: This is broccoli, and that is  This is broccoli, and that is green.
Item: This is not garlic, it is  This is not garlic, it is onion.
Item: This is a radio, and that is  a book.
Item: This is not a crow, it is  a raven.
Item: This is a wasp, and that is  This is a wasp, and that is a flower.
Item: This is not an oven, it is  a microwave.
Item: This is not a cypress, it is  a pine.
Item: This is a giraffe, and that is  a savannah.
Item: This is not a dagger, it is  This is not a dagger, it is a sword.
Item: This is not a beaver, it is  ...a muskrat.
Item: This is not an alligator, it is  This is not an alligator, it is a crocodile.
Item: This is a goat, and that is  a sheep.
Item: This is a poplar, and that is  a dog.
Item: This is a falcon, and that is  a tree.
Item: This is a chair, and that is  a table.
Item: This is a swan, and that is  a lake.
Item: This is a goose, and that is  This is a goose, and that is a farm.
Item: This is a jacket, and that is  a coat.
Item: This is a ferry, and that is  This is a ferry, and that is a boat.
Item: This is a bus, and that is  a long line.
Item: This is not a yacht, it is  a sailboat.
Item: This is a bag, and that is  a heavy bag.
Item: This is not a potato, it is  a tomato.
Item: This is not a toaster, it is  a refrigerator.
