Item: They see no cypress, but they see  a pond.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees  a coffee maker.
Item: They see a chair and they see  a beautiful beach.
Item: We see no dress, but we see  a beautiful woman wearing a elegant gown.
Item: We see a sieve and we see  a spoon.
Item: They see no garlic, but they see  a strong smell.
Item: They see a poplar and they see  a tall tree.
Item: You see a swan and you see  a beautiful swan.
Item: She sees a bus and she sees  a big dog.
Item: I see no hornet, but I see  a bee.
Item: I see no corn, but I see  I see no corn, but I see cobs.
Item: You see a lizard and you see  a big tree.
Item: He sees a frog and he sees  a beautiful sunset.
Item: I see a sparrow and I see  a tree.
Item: We see no ferry, but we see  ... many seagulls.
Item: You see no television, but you see  a computer.
Item: He sees a truck and he sees  a big truck.
Item: I see a shirt and I see  a man.
Item: You see no wasp, but you see  a bee.
Item: They see a lemon and they see  a juicy.
Item: You see no goat, but you see  a goat.
Item: He sees a hawk and he sees  a tree.
Item: They see a coat and they see  a bear.
Item: We see no trout, but we see  We see no trout, but we see a fish.
Item: You see broccoli and you see  You see a tree.
Item: I see a castle and I see  a dragon.
Item: She sees no deer, but she sees  ...a rabbit.
Item: I see a scooter and I see  a boy.
Item: She sees no radio, but she sees  a car.
Item: They see a yacht and they see  a beautiful sunset.
Item: You see no goldfish, but you see  a school of fish swimming in the tank.
Item: I see an oven and I see  a cake.
Item: She sees a cranberry and she sees  a spoon.
Item: He sees a dagger and he sees  a dragon.
Item: He sees an alligator and he sees  a big alligator.
Item: I see no trumpet, but I see  a trumpeter playing.
Item: You see a cat and you see  a dog.
Item: They see a giraffe and they see  a tall tree.
Item: I see a flute and I see  a player.
Item: She sees no bag, but she sees  a cat.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees  a lot of birds.
Item: I see a potato and I see  a rooster.
Item: She sees no bottle, but she sees  a cork.
Item: I see no library, but I see  a bookstore.
Item: We see no mug, but we see  a dirty mug.
Item: They see a jacket and they see  a black bear.
Item: We see no falcon, but we see  a hawk soaring in the sky.
Item: She sees a beaver and she sees  a tree.
Item: He sees no freezer, but he sees  a refrigerator.
Item: She sees a goose and she sees  a big house.
