Item: I see a cranberry and I see  a juicy apple.
Item: I see no alligator, but I see  a nice swamp.
Item: You see no bus, but you see  a crowded train station.
Item: We see a bag and we see  a big dog.
Item: She sees no frog, but she sees  a beautiful butterfly.
Item: He sees no poplar, but he sees  a tall oak tree.
Item: I see no ferry, but I see  a boat.
Item: I see no corn, but I see  ...crows.
Item: They see no toaster, but they see  a bagel.
Item: I see no giraffe, but I see  a tall tree.
Item: They see no goat, but they see  a tall tree.
Item: She sees a cypress and she sees  a tall tree.
Item: We see no lemon, but we see  ... but we see lemons.
Item: They see a wasp and they see  a bee.
Item: He sees no deer, but he sees  a rabbit.
Item: I see a freezer and I see  a frozen pizza inside.
Item: You see a chair and you see  a beautiful sofa.
Item: They see broccoli and they see  They see healthy food and they see broccoli.
Item: We see a sieve and we see  a cup.
Item: I see a crow and I see  a tree.
Item: They see a goose and they see  a lake.
Item: We see no potato, but we see  a lot of carrots.
Item: They see no dagger, but they see  a shadow.
Item: He sees a hawk and he sees  a tree.
Item: They see a yacht and they see  a beautiful sunset.
Item: He sees no library, but he sees  a book.
Item: They see no lizard, but they see  a snake.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see  a boy.
Item: He sees no beaver, but he sees  a lot of beavers.
Item: She sees no truck, but she sees  a big dog.
Item: I see no falcon, but I see  I see no falcon, but I see a hawk.
Item: He sees a trout and he sees  a big trout.
Item: They see a jacket and they see  a tree.
Item: You see a mug and you see  a cat.
Item: He sees a cat and he sees  a dog.
Item: We see a hornet and we see  a nest.
Item: I see a sparrow and I see  a beautiful sunset.
Item: She sees no goldfish, but she sees  a large cat.
Item: She sees a swan and she sees  a beautiful swan and a large swan.
Item: They see a shirt and they see  a blue shirt.
Item: You see no television, but you see  a remote control.
Item: We see no dress, but we see  a beautiful dress.
Item: He sees a flute and he sees  a bird.
Item: She sees a coat and she sees  a beautiful dress.
Item: I see no garlic, but I see  a head of lettuce.
Item: We see a bottle and we see  a beach.
Item: We see no castle, but we see  a tower.
Item: We see no oven, but we see  a stove.
Item: They see a trumpet and they see  a musician.
Item: She sees a radio and she sees  a concert.
