Item: We see a radio and we see  a DJ.
Item: I see no coat, but I see  a hat.
Item: I see an oven and I see  a cake.
Item: She sees no hawk, but she sees  a dove.
Item: They see no dress, but they see  a woman.
Item: We see no scooter, but we see  a child riding a bike.
Item: They see no truck, but they see  a huge elephant.
Item: I see a beaver and I see  a big tree.
Item: We see no poplar, but we see  a tall pine tree.
Item: He sees no shirt, but he sees  a smile.
Item: We see a bus and we see  a big crowd.
Item: He sees no chair, but he sees  a table.
Item: You see a freezer and you see  You see a chicken inside the freezer and you see.
Item: We see no goose, but we see  a gander.
Item: She sees no toaster, but she sees  a kettle.
Item: They see a sparrow and they see  a beautiful sunset.
Item: They see no cranberry, but they see  ... many beaches.
Item: He sees a goldfish and he sees  a big goldfish.
Item: I see a deer and I see  a beautiful sunset.
Item: He sees no trumpet, but he sees  a saxophone.
Item: I see a cypress and I see  a tall tree.
Item: You see a library and you see  a book.
Item: We see no goat, but we see  a goat.
Item: You see a hornet and you see  a bee.
Item: She sees no cat, but she sees  a dog.
Item: You see a dagger and you see  a brave knight.
Item: He sees a yacht and he sees  a luxury mansion.
Item: I see garlic and I see  I see bread.
Item: We see broccoli and we see  apples.
Item: We see a falcon and we see  a falcon and a tree.
Item: She sees a potato and she sees  a big potato.
Item: You see a television and you see  a large screen.
Item: He sees a lemon and he sees  a lemon and a tree.
Item: They see no giraffe, but they see  a tall tree.
Item: I see a jacket and I see  a tall building.
Item: We see no swan, but we see  ... but we see a beautiful lake.
Item: We see a bottle and we see  a beach.
Item: They see no flute, but they see  ... a musician playing it.
Item: He sees a sieve and he sees  a vegetable.
Item: I see no frog, but I see  ...a pond.
Item: She sees no crow, but she sees  a lot of crows.
Item: They see a wasp and they see  a bee.
Item: We see no mug, but we see  a lot of coffee.
Item: You see no bag, but you see  a big dog.
Item: I see an alligator and I see  an angry alligator.
Item: They see no corn, but they see  Many ears of corn.
Item: You see no trout, but you see  a small stream.
Item: You see no castle, but you see  a tall, dark tower.
Item: We see no lizard, but we see  ...but we see a green tree.
Item: She sees a ferry and she sees  a large ship.
